Single pulses have been used to ablate fresh porcine ocular tissue .
Treatment animals received liposome-encapsulated clodronate , 2 days before rupture to ablate phagocytosing macrophages .
Many modalities have been used to ablate Barrett 's oesophagus ( BO ) .
Radiofrequency probes were used to ablate bovine livers from 20degreesC to 98degreesC .
We describe a technique to ablate posterior urethral valves with a Fogarty balloon catheter .
The technique offers the potential to ablate discrete tumor nodules within the liver .
Failure to ablate the adrenal gland by injection of contrast material .
Bipolar radiofrequency treatment will ablate nerve fibers , resulting in pain relief .
The pro-inflammatory cytokines IFN-gamma and TNF-alpha did not ablate MSC mediated immunosuppression .
Through an endoscope the laser was observed to soften and ablate the methyl methacrylate .
It can degrade and ablate the remaining apocrine glands and eliminate causative organisms .
Mutation compensation relies on strategies to ablate activated oncogenes or augment tumor-suppressor gene expression .
The underlying biochemical mechanisms of how these mutations ablate activity are poorly understood .
Kinase inhibitors ablate ErbB2 phosphorylation without dispersing clusters .
Endogenously expressed multimeric self-cleaving hammerhead ribozymes ablate mutant collagen in cellulo .
Tachycardia-induced cardiomyopathy , without the tachycardia : yet another reason to ablate atrial fibrillation !
Ability of high-intensity ultrasound to ablate human atherosclerotic plaques and minimize debris size .
Equivalent mutations in Fbxo7 ablate interaction with PI31 and also block Fbxo7 homodimerization .
To ablate or not : a proposal regarding nomenclature .
Laser energy is able to ablate , coagulate , and vaporize tissues .
Mastoidectomy elimination : obliterate , reconstruct , or ablate ?
Should we embrace or ablate our urge to ( ovarian ) suppress ?
The erbium laser continued to ablate with increasing applied energy .
We tested a new method using " cryo-mapping " to ablate despite nerve proximity .
Thus , it is possible to ablate with radioiodine .
