How the secretary of state for health proposes to abolish the NHS in England .
The case that failed catheter ablation required surgical cryoablation to abolish the incessant VT .
The model suggests PKCepsilon phosphorylation of TRPV1-S800 to abolish the tubulin - TRPV1 interaction .
Thus , targeting these pathways can abolish age-related bone loss .
Both mutations abolish LPL transport across endothelial cells by GPIHBP1 .
Interestingly , zinc chloride could also abolish the increase of EA-induced RECK expression .
The color match reduced figureness , but did not abolish it .
Blocking muscarinic receptors reduced but did not abolish odor discrimination .
Chelation of free Ca2+ decreases but does not abolish the EGF - stimulated turnover .
Topical lignocaine will abolish cough but has no effect on bronchoconstriction .
These changes in FGF23 abolish its phosphaturic effect and lead to severe persistent hyperphosphatemia .
Guanethidine did not abolish periodicity but it prolonged the interpeak interval .
Targeting JunD may abolish aromatase expression selectively in breast cancer tissue .
Mutations in recF , recO or recR gene abolish induced mutagenesis in E. coli .
Ventromedial tegmental lesions abolish offense without disturbing predation or defense .
Subjects were not able to abolish these reflexes by altering their preparatory set .
Eye movements are not of sufficient amplitude to abolish binocularity at any elevation .
Multiple mutations may be necessary to abolish antibody binding at these sites .
This treatment can either abolish or greatly reduce the infectivity of EEF for mice .
Reflections on current proposals to abolish or reform the insanity defense .
Does the endothelium abolish or promote arterial vasomotion in rat mesenteric arteries ?
The prime management need in angina pectoris is to abolish or to minimize pain .
Phenobarbital failed to abolish or depress recurrent seizures in 70 % of hippocampi .
Tetrodotoxin reduced the excitatory effect of domperidone but did not abolish .
It suppressed but did not abolish hepatic glutamine output by 60 % .
Diltiazem blocked but did not completely abolish ICa in these neonatal cells .
Prazosin significantly reduced but did not abolish renin release during hypercapnia .
