We used steroids to abort recurrent crises .
Migraine headache is routinely managed using medications that abort attacks as they occur .
Those who chose to abort their pregnancies had higher baseline self-image .
They could not abort a cluster by immediately restarting OC .
Metoclopramide ( MTCL ) can abort attacks of migraine headache .
Approximately 50 % bear their children , while 40 % abort their fetuses .
Bitches that failed to abort following treatment with bromocryptine whelped normally at term .
However , paternally derived trisomies tended to abort earlier than maternally derived trisomies .
Homozygous toc75-III embryos were found to abort at the two-cell stage .
Failure to abort completely , side-effects and acceptability were the main outcomes of interest .
Sixteen subjects ( 40 % ) did not abort .
Research has verified field observations that cows grazing ponderosa pine needles may abort .
Seropositive cattle were 9.2 times more likely to abort compared to seronegative cows .
We administered pentobarbital 50 mg/kg to abort seizures after 1 h .
The lld mutation was observed to abort pinna development at almost all morphogenetic stages .
Brooders could also selectively abort defective embryos , and replace them with minimal cost .
And for many women , if the test indicates a female , they abort .
The microspores of the MDGMS abort before the degradation of the tapetal cell layer .
After recovery from EEC , pregnant mares may abort .
To abort or not to abort : that is the question .
Ergotamine is used to abort or prevent vascular headache .
Physical maneuvers can be applied to abort or delay an impending vasovagal faint .
Cyclophosphamide therapy may abort progression and induce remission of this acute fulminant phase .
Benzodiazepines given intravenously abort status epilepticus , and abolish paroxysmal EEG discharges .
Moreover , early reperfusion can abort the infarct and avoid significant myocardial necrosis .
Two Neospora dams did not abort but gave birth to subclinically infected calves .
Fetuses of rbSt-treated cows were normal , and cows did not abort .
Eight women ( 16 percent ) did not abort and underwent dilation and curettage .
