Fomenting a collaborative scientific culture will accelerate our understanding of the underlying phenonmemna .
Increased oxidative stress is known to accelerate age-related pathologies .
The incentives are thus likely to accelerate the spread of electronic health records .
Analysis of male pheromones that accelerate female reproductive organ development .
Microwave heating , as an alternative heating source , significantly accelerate the polymerization process .
Large scale chiral chromatography for the separation of an enantiomer to accelerate drug development .
Pregnancy does not accelerate corticotroph tumor progression in Nelson 's syndrome .
Pregnancy does not accelerate corticotroph tumor progression after bilateral adrenalectomy .
Locally administered adipose-derived stem cells accelerate wound healing through differentiation and vasculogenesis .
IGF-I and androgens are postulated to accelerate skeletal maturation in obese children .
Pregnancy per se did not appear to accelerate SLE in patients receiving immunosuppressive therapy .
Vitamin E was shown to accelerate gingival wound healing in experimental animals .
Here we postulated that calcium may enable or accelerate the aggregation of Abeta .
IVIg itself appears to accelerate IgG degradation rather than suppress IgG production .
NSAIDs can intensify symptoms of OA and accelerate its progress .
Platelet-released growth factors can accelerate tenocyte proliferation and activate the anti-oxidant response element .
Besides , these complexes accelerate wound healing and produce a potent erective action .
This technology can accelerate in vitro cell assays and thus save costs .
It may accelerate speciation via adaptive introgression or cause near-instantaneous speciation by allopolyploidization .
COPD exacerbations reduced physical activity and frequent exacerbations accelerate decline in activity over time .
On the contrary , lymphangiogenic growth factors accelerate lymphangiogenesis and improve lymphedema .
LLLT has been used to accelerate and enhance injured Achilles tendon repair .
A semiautomatic anthropometric caliper was developed to accelerate and simplify anthropometric data acquisition .
Discovery 99 : accelerate and improve the drug discovery process .
Transluminal angioplasty and atherosclerosis : does angioplasty accelerate or decelerate atherosclerosis ?
Extracorporeal shock wave therapy ( ESWT ) may accelerate and improve wound repair .
Discrimination of moving events which accelerate or decelerate over the listening interval .
Most mutations slow or accelerate both uptake and release , often with opposite effects .
We conclude that SMC coengraftment can accelerate vessel development by EC and promote arteriolization .
