Patients vary in their willingness to accept risks for small potential gains .
Furthermore , they tend to accept the messages they encounter in these advertisements uncritically .
Majority of the children ( 75 % ) were ready to accept orthodontic treatment .
This is particularly true for molecular phylogeny programs , which accept only certain formats .
Why is it so difficult to accept Darwin 's theory of evolution ?
Patients with metastatic breast cancer usually accept several lines of chemotherapy .
Radiologists urge FDA to accept PET - based tumor response criteria in clinical trials .
Some nurses believe that older people accept urinary incontinence as a consequence of ageing .
It has been our policy to accept these patients for operation .
Boys could accept longer screws in the upper thoracic spine compared with girls .
For religious reasons , Jehovah 's Witnesses do not accept homologous blood transfusions .
0.76 eV more potent to accept electrons than the maleimide moiety .
Therefore , women tend to accept the offered surveillance and refrain from pregnancy .
Spanish osteoporosis patients have well-defined preferences and accept trade-offs among attributes .
Elderly patients themselves are also less likely to request or accept reconstruction .
The patient did not accept surgery , and anticoagulation with warfarin was initiated .
The majority of SPC services accept ESRD patients , but limited numbers are referred .
They must accept this responsibility , propose interventions , and evaluate their effectiveness .
Participants were trained to accept and hand-off aircraft and to detect aircraft conflicts .
Patients decide to accept or decline cancer clinical trials without having adequate knowledge .
The key to collaboration is to accept and manage conflict .
Neoadjuvant therapy for esophageal cancer--what can we accept ?
[Should we accept that our professional domain quietly disappears ? ] .
Everyone must accept that the nation 's problems are due to overpopulation .
Students accept and support a formal consent process .
Females did not accept and rear the young after caesarian section .
They should accept and provide the female condom .
Most strict patients would accept more relaxed standards at night and during the weekend .
Ben Mitchell points out , but Christians must not accept pluralism as an ideology .
At that time women would accept screening and understood its importance .
