Emergency care and hospitalizations account for 36 % of asthma-related medical expenses for children .
Methodologic issues may account for modal differences in fruit and vegetable intake .
These findings may account for why the absence of orexin results in narcolepsy-cataplexy .
Data were adjusted to account for a lag time between buccal and finger sites .
First , we extend the standard bivariate ACE model to account for assortative mating .
A random intercept model was used to account for multiple measurements within a patient .
However , many studies did not take into account several issues important for outcomes .
Suicide prevention strategies should take into account unique local patterns .
They also found that walking paths took into account hand preferences .
KIT-negative GISTs account for ~5 % of cases and cause diagnostic difficulties .
Structural heterogeneity and dynamics can both in principle account for that observation .
Several different factors could account for these differences , and these are discussed .
Intramammary schwannomas are very rare and account for only 2.6 % of schwannomas .
Pediatric meningiomas are rare and account for about 1.5 % of all intracranial tumors .
Intracranial germinomas are rare and account for only 0.4-3.4 % of primary intracranial tumors .
SNPPicker also takes into account user constraints including options for controlling runtime .
A model is discussed which takes into account these variables .
Relationships between policy relevant variables and consumption were modeled taking into account demographic variables .
Strong 's objections to the future of value account .
This may account for the elevated body temperature and sweating experience by cancer patients .
A personal account .
Human papillomavirus ( HPV ) infections account worldwide for 50 % of penile cancers .
Furthermore , it is unclear which components of multimodal interventions account for such effects .
And what kind of minimal theoretical model could account for the observed data ?
Similar initiatives should take into account the clinical context and tailor training packages accordingly .
Our software can take into account non-uniform read generation and works with paired-end reads .
The choice of treatment should take into account individual patient characteristics and needs .
This paper examines four common RCIs that each account for error in different ways .
This paper examines four common RCIs that each account for error in different ways .
However , there is an ongoing debate about which factors account for this relationship .
