How organic anions accumulate in hepatocytes lacking Mrp2 : evidence in rat liver .
Potentially , atherogenic remnants of TG-rich lipoproteins accumulate in the postprandial state .
This may suggest that higher chlorinated congeners accumulate more readily in meat tissues .
When released into an aquatic environment , SiCNW would likely accumulate in sediment .
In plants , GABA is known to accumulate under a variety of stresses .
Our results show that CLL cells with genetic alterations tend to accumulate in PCs .
Predatory fish tend to accumulate high levels of mercury ( Hg ) .
Recent data indicate that bacteria--although short lived--produce , metabolize and accumulate AGEs .
A better phytoremediation strategy would be to accumulate mercury inside plants for subsequent retrieval .
In hyperlipidemia , oxidized lipids accumulate in vascular tissues and trigger atherosclerosis .
On loss of E-cadherin , cytoplasmic p120ctn might accumulate and contribute to tumor malignancy .
During aging , the products of oxidative processes accumulate and might disturb cellular metabolism .
Human breast tumors accumulate abnormally high levels of zinc ( Zn ) .
Macrophages in arterial walls accumulate lipids leading to the development of atherosclerotic plaques .
Emergency physicians accumulate more stress factors than other physicians-results from the French SESMAT study .
The protocells do not accumulate virus during the inactivation process .
Rainbow smelt accumulate high amounts of glycerol in winter .
Sorbus aucuparia cell cultures accumulate biphenyl and dibenzofuran phytoalexins in response to elicitor treatment .
Control cultures were able to accumulate polyphosphate under the conditions used .
A 0.1 % CLA diet was not sufficient to accumulate CLA in the silkworms .
The cells treated with ethanol started to accumulate triglyceride vesicles at day seven .
Mutant protein is rapidly cleared and does not accumulate in oligodendroglial cells .
Ultimately , genetic changes are produced indirectly or accumulate from endogenous genotoxic agents .
Within cells they are transferred to and accumulate in nuclei by a temperature-dependent process .
Because they accumulate , these adducts provide a dosimeter of oxidative injury .
As toxic species accumulate , autophagy-lysosomal protein degradation pathways are activated .
Data accumulate suggesting a link between physical activity and cancer survival .
If EPCs accumulate more and stay longer there , neovascularization will be augmented .
All organs accumulate isoaspartyl proteins , but only the brain manifests an overt pathology .
Subendothelial macrophages accumulate cholesteryl ester and become the foam cells of the fatty streak .
