A self-expanding metal esophageal stent was placed to achieve initial partial haemostasis .
Scaling up the knowledge to achieve Aboriginal wellness .
Dynamic randomization allocation techniques have been used to achieve balance across multiple baseline characteristics .
How can you achieve clinical excellence by sitting in a wheelchair ?
Using visual and narrative methods to achieve fair process in clinical care .
They have traditionally been expected to achieve this role without administrative assistance .
Surgical removal can achieve the double objectives of confirmed diagnosis and treatment of tumors .
Starting from 100 fs pulses , we achieve a fivefold pulse shortening .
The administration of aprotinin did not achieve the desired reduction of perioperative blood loss .
Endovascular technique can achieve good outcomes despite the aneurysmal site and size .
This will allow clinicians to achieve high-dose repletion more frequently as a single administration .
Such heterogeneous model can achieve better signal discrimination compared to the homogeneous model .
Continent diversion is commonly performed to achieve urinary continence and improve quality of life .
The patient underwent chemotherapy , but did not completely achieve cytogenetic remission .
The MRD delivered a higher minute-volume but did not achieve the recommended minimal volume .
This approach can achieve adequate surgical margins and lead to short hospital stays .
Continent catheterizable stomas help patients achieve bowel and bladder continence .
Repeated dilatations rarely achieve long-term resolution and re-fashioning is not always successful .
Teaching is considered an essential competency for residents to achieve during their training .
Complete surgical resection without amputation is difficult to achieve in the hand or foot .
CHANGE is challenging to achieve in complex health care organisations .
The main objective is to achieve and to maintain asthma control .
Long-term weight-loss maintenance is notoriously difficult to achieve and promote .
Breast cancer survivors should be encouraged to achieve and maintain a healthy weight .
Numerous dissimilarity measures achieve promising results in sequence comparison , but challenges remain .
With this approach we achieve complete aneurysm occlusion and shorten the surgery time .
Some patients cannot achieve acceptable function with this treatment and psychosocial problems sometimes arise .
C57BL/6J db/db mice have mild insulin resistance and achieve euglycemia with mild hyperinsulinemia .
The procedure is safe and can achieve excellent results in well-selected patients .
Only one case achieved consistent oligozoospermia but did not achieve azoospermia within 6 months .
