Services appear to acknowledge the high risk of suicide in those receiving ECT .
Authors failed to acknowledge the Cochrane review on this topic .
An erratum is presented to acknowledge a reference omitted from the original paper .
The authors acknowledge the problems involved in ' labelling ' the disorder .
Future service development issues should acknowledge the needs and expressed wishes of service users .
We gratefully acknowledge all authors for their contribution as summarized in this Introduction Paper .
Study designs should nevertheless acknowledge that the MRI setting may enhance stress reactions .
57 % of subject 's acknowledge having as first recourse traditional medicine .
Even so , they acknowledge that there is always more work to be done .
The guidelines acknowledge the rapidly advancing neuroscientific research and evolving therapeutic modalities in PDOC .
To be successful , the prochoice argument must acknowledge these realities and adapt accordingly .
Case-sibling studies that acknowledge unstudied parents and permit the inclusion of unmatched individuals .
Scientists who publish should therefore give proper credit and acknowledge the primary sources .
Girls were more likely to practice and acknowledge benefits of stress management .
Such patients require family doctors to acknowledge their symptoms and to provide reassurance .
Policymakers need to acknowledge and allocate resources for diabetes prevention and management accordingly .
Governments need to acknowledge and address this fact .
Patients with anosognosia fail to acknowledge , or feel distressed by , their disability .
This response must also acknowledge facilitators as important stakeholders in medical tourism .
Cultural values of Alaska Native people acknowledge laughter as good medicine .
Annual award to acknowledge original studies by dermatology trainees .
They should also both acknowledge and address Chinese cultural beliefs about tobacco use .
Staff support systems acknowledge and address occupational stress .
Healthcare system administrators must acknowledge and prioritize the need for this education .
Report fails to acknowledge problems with at-home HIV test .
It is time for nurses to acknowledge their place in Europe .
There is a need to acknowledge the social correlates of maternal deaths as well .
