Furthermore , the ability to acquire high-quality pCLE images is also quickly learned .
The purpose of the study was to acquire research-based knowledge to improve practice .
However , whether or not tether cells acquire hair bundles and mechanosensitivity remains unknown .
How receptive endings acquire their remodeled shapes is not well understood .
NSCLC drug targets acquire new visibility .
Thus , hiPS cells acquire genetic modifications in addition to epigenetic modifications .
Field reports suggest that orangutans acquire local traditions by observing neighbouring conspecifics .
This haem auxotroph must acquire haem from its host to sustain aerobic growth .
After infections during pregnancy women acquire immunity to PM conferred by antibodies against VAR2CSA .
Tip enhancement was sufficient to acquire useful Raman spectra in 50-100 ms .
Pseudogenes have been shown to acquire unique regulatory roles from more and more organisms .
Humans reach to and acquire objects by transforming visual targets into action commands .
In cell senescence , cultured cells cease proliferating and acquire aberrant gene expression patterns .
It should be possible to analyze previous recordings and acquire additional recordings simultaneously .
Such cells subsequently differentiate and acquire the properties of inflammatory macrophages .
Organisms must acquire iron but must protect against oxidative damage .
NSPCs thus acquire an immature morphology and display markers for both neurons and glia .
Only when stimulated , the naive cells acquire pathogenic capacity and induce ocular inflammation .
In these low-lying areas people acquire substantial antimalarial immunity and most infections are asymptomatic .
Most HIV-infected children acquire HIV in utero , during birth , or after birth .
Further , they acquire images rapidly and with low-level illumination .
Next , an experiment carried out to acquire and display 3D images is described .
These cells become numerous in the ensuing weeks and gradually acquire large melanophagosomes .
A general strategy and some tactics are presented to acquire and maintain behavioral skills .
Does the manner in which people acquire information affect their choices ?
Physicians are required to act reasonably in accordance with the information that they acquire .
The molecular mechanisms by which vascular tissues acquire their identities are largely unknown .
Affected cats are usually adult and acquire the parasite by feeding on infected lizards .
Thus , A. phagocytophilum needs to usurp and acquire various compounds from its host .
Many of these cancers are intrinsically resistant to tamoxifen or acquire resistance during treatment .
