An act of kindness .
Most osteoporosis drugs act by inhibiting bone resorption .
Moreover , it appears that staphylococcal superantigens act in the pathogenesis of GN .
Impulsivity is the tendency to act prematurely without foresight .
The gene S100A4 has long been known to act as a metastasis inducer .
Bud3p is thought to act as a component of a spatial landmark .
Immunomodulatory drugs can act synergistically with rituximab but are toxic .
Certain antimycotic drugs act on keratinocytes and modulate their production of chemokines .
A and M act on human HM and are regulated by steroids .
Yet , the T-lymphocytes do not act alone .
How does it act when soluble ?
Is it time to act ?
The remaining Pro residues resisted TFE perturbations and thus act as conformational stabilizers .
These suppressors are diverse in sequence and structure and act via different mechanisms .
IPGNs are maintained in the neocortex and may act as progenitors for adult neurogenesis .
We hypothesized that wear-debris particles may act as PAMPs/DAMPs and activate macrophages via TLRs .
The toxin also may act rapidly and effect action at a target tissue .
Some compounds act differently and are more active than predicted from their lipophilic character .
There are indications that thiol peroxy radicals can also act in the same way .
Cases in which substrates also act as time-dependent inhibitors are considered .
The mechanism by which rhesus factors act in respiratory allergy is not known .
It determines the distribution of heritable phenotypic variance on which selection can act .
Other studies should determine the biophysical processes through which they act .
In addition , binding sites at which these compounds act have not been identified .
Dexmedetomidine also has an opioid-sparing action and can act to enhance analgesia .
Complex biosystems do not always behave or act as expected during experimental investigation .
In nature , interferons are normally formed and act locally .
Along with these antiproliferative activities , theaflavins act as microtubule depolymerizers .
This paper explores whether patients act according to self-interest in priority setting experiments .
It is not clear what selective forces act on colour .
