Furthermore , TAPE interacted and synergized with Trif to activate IFN-beta .
Endogenous progesterone and exogenous dexamethasone were found to activate LCR driven transcriptional activity .
Binding of Oaz1 to ODC monomers is thus required to activate ODS .
PAR agonists , but not ADP , activate G ( 12/13 ) signaling pathways .
Hence , progesterone withdrawal may activate two distinct pathways to initiate endometrial repair .
Pictures were presented inside or outside a frame that should activate the container schema .
Acute and repeated restraint differentially activate orexigenic pathways in the rat hypothalamus .
Proteolytic antibodies activate factor IX in patients with acquired hemophilia .
In airway allergy , HDM allergens activate innate immunity .
We previously showed that EGF is unable to activate B-Raf in cells lacking IQGAP1 .
alpha2-Adrenoceptors activate noradrenaline - mediated glycogen turnover in chick astrocytes .
CtBP can both repress and activate Wingless nuclear targets in Drosophila .
The physiological signals that activate RcsF and how RcsF interacts with RcsC remain unknown .
APOBEC3A can activate the DNA damage response and cause cell-cycle arrest .
BH3 peptidomimetics potently activate apoptosis and demonstrate single agent efficacy in neuroblastoma .
PIK3CA mutations are frequent in breast cancer and activate the PI3K / Akt pathway .
Icilin is recognized as a chemical agonist of nociceptors and can activate TRPM8 channels .
CD4-AsiCs do not activate lymphocytes or stimulate innate immunity .
In conclusion , insulin and IGF-I activate their cognate receptors and IGF-I also HR .
In inflamed tissue , endogenous proteases may activate TG nociceptors and generate pain .
In contrast , psychostimulants activate ERK and induce hyperactivity in normal animals .
They are also able to activate and attract leukocytes .
The partial structure of Pro-Arg activated hTAS2R39 , but did not activate hTAS2R8 .
Myc functions to both activate and repress transcription by associating with multiple binding partners .
They activate and orchestrate the innate and the adaptive immune systems .
The p63 isoforms differentially activate or repress selected promoters .
However , a minority can either activate or inhibit lymphocyte functions .
Different host cell proteases activate the SARS-coronavirus spike-protein for cell-cell and virus-cell fusion .
Stalled replication forks activate the eight-subunit FA core complex , which ubiquitylates FANCD2-FANCI .
Genital afferents activate multiple spinal reflexes that modulate erection and micturition .
