To adapt to the temperature shift , phenotype variations , including virulence , occur .
However , the described protocols for MVF are inadequate to adapt to clinical practice .
Wild organisms are under increasing pressure to adapt rapidly to environmental changes .
Leaf traits in Paphiopedilum helped it adapt to arid and nutrient-poor karst habitats .
Little is known about how migrants adapt to first-world public health systems .
The DH6 and DH5 recombinants without introduced mutations did not adapt to culture .
One child with TB infection developed TB disease due to failure to adapt prophylaxis .
Adaptation of one motor system may be related to the ability to adapt another .
One of these is the application of heat to adapt the implant .
Chandler 's classification gives the opportunity to adapt management to the infection 's gravity .
How to cope with complexity and adapt new scenarios to patient care .
We sought to adapt standard electronic monitors to commonly used medication tubes .
Additionally , we adapt 154 previously developed markers to the TaqMan platform .
Coronary microvessels may adapt their structure to various stimuli .
These modifications generally adapt the muscle to the new environmental requirements .
The responses were variable but did not consistently adapt over periods of 10 min .
Animals need to adapt to these environmental changes and adjust their choices accordingly .
Yeast cells are able to tolerate and adapt to a variety of environmental stresses .
Plants adapt their growth and development in response to perceived salt stress .
Family planning researchers and practitioners could adapt the effective interventions .
Radiotherapy departments without 4D CT should adapt scan parameters for internal target volume definition .
During lag phases microbial cells adapt to their environment and prepare to proliferate .
This demands that specialty surgeons adapt to and develop new psychomotor abilities .
Neither can adapt to changing circumstances and each has its own benefits and limitations .
This article describes how to adapt and apply environmental scanning for remedial residents .
Global CO2 emissions : time to mitigate and adapt .
[Tuberculosis in the area of Lorca : to adapt or resist ] .
Food-allergic patients need to be aware of this and adapt their behaviour accordingly .
To adapt the QLDS for use in Hungary and to evaluate its psychometric properties .
Translate and culturally adapt the RFS into Brazilian Portuguese and test its reliability .
