What to add in with metformin in type 2 diabetes ?
The DAST did not add to prediction over the use of the SORAG alone .
Moreover , they add to the clinical spectrum of N. glauca intoxication .
This efficient method can add insights to traditional genome-based phylogenetic reconstruction .
Antioxidants add protection to a broad-spectrum sunscreen .
Identification and recruitment of eligible participants add substantial costs to outreach screening promotion interventions .
The need to add a lead ( s ) despite subclavian/innominate obstruction is increasing .
The clinical study included pediatric drug resistant epileptic subjects receiving add on GC treatments .
To confirm and add credibility to the study , uncertainty analysis was conducted .
Glioma models : new GEMMs add " class " with genomic and expression correlations .
Recent findings with regard to the endothelial glycocalyx add an additional level of complexity .
To relax this assumption , here we add a second locus influencing the trait .
It was not necessary to add copper .
If there is no adequate response regarding psychotic symptoms , add quetiapine .
It is necessary to add FBS for the formation of pseudopodium .
Legal challenges to federal health reform add to uncertainty .
Why add complexity/confusion to a simple issue ?
Poor intrauterine growth and accelerated postnatal growth are believed to add to these risks .
Various monitoring technologies add to the clinical monitoring but cannot replace clinical monitoring .
Aside from 2-pyridone , amides generally add reversibly and bind to Ir through N .
Day surgery : does it add to or replace inpatient surgery ?
What 's known on the subject ? and What does the study add ?
What 's known on the subject ? and What does the study add ?
What 's known on the subject ? and What does the study add ?
Contagious infectious diseases add a new dimension to radiology and pose many unanswered questions .
These themes add richness to the health status data and inform our understanding .
This prompted us to add thrombolysis to his treatment , but with no effect .
These changes both complement and add to previous histologic analyses .
Newer imaging modalities are now available and add to information gained from conventional radiography .
Do these studies provide more clarity or just add to the noise ?
