Oncologists should continue to adhere to national guidelines for determining HER2 status .
Proteinaceous stalks produced by Gram-negative bacteria are often used to adhere to environmental surfaces .
SSCs were first identified and isolated by their ability to adhere to culture plastic .
iPhone apps for smoking cessation rarely adhere to established guidelines for smoking cessation .
They first adhere on the top of the pillars without applying any detectable forces .
Employees should adhere to the standards in order to avoid occupational exposure .
Interestingly , platelets could adhere to these spheres and form aggregates .
The latter are mostly predictable and prescribers should adhere to precautions and contraindications .
Ureaplasmas adhere to sperm and therefore have an opportunity to affect them .
Differences between patients who do and do not adhere to antiretroviral therapy .
Long-term travelers underuse personal protective measures and adhere poorly to continuous chemoprophylaxis regimens .
Pouches will not adhere as well and accidental leaks occur .
BMSCs were observed to spread actively and rigidly adhere to SRBFS .
Roll , adhere , spread and contract : structural mechanics of platelet function .
It only induced K. apiculata to adhere and form biofilm .
TPA caused cells from HCL to adhere strongly and produce elongated cytoplasmic extensions .
Appliances adhere well , and complications are few .
( c ) Lymphocytes adhere poorly and move poorly on 2D protein coated substrata .
Interestingly , the few LFA-1-/- cells that did adhere crawled similarly to wild-type neutrophils .
Glutaraldehyde - fixed cells did not adhere .
VA prescribing patterns for ARV initiation adhere to treatment guidelines that maximize safety .
The extent to which general practitioners adhere to this guideline is unclear .
This study concerned the way in which eosinophils adhere to their surroundings .
We investigated the mechanism by which OECs adhere to titanium dental implants .
Cluster analyses confirmed that the samples form three groups to which races strongly adhere .
However , they are not retained on Sephadex G-10 columns to which macrophages adhere .
Mucus acts as a physical and chemical barrier onto which particles and organisms adhere .
Setae allow geckos to adhere and climb vertical surfaces .
The ability of bone marrow MSC to adhere hemopoietic cells was assayed by MTT .
Anti-VCAM1 : anti-E-selectin - modified hydrogels may be engineered to adhere the endothelium cooperatively .
