Multivariable logistic regressions were used to adjust for other factors .
Cox regression models were used to adjust for confounding factors .
Multivariate models were done to adjust for possible confounders .
Determining reliable markers of clinical outcome for psychosis is essential to adjust intervention efforts .
During speaking , auditory feedback is used to adjust vocalizations .
Conversion factors were also considered to adjust the ECD values .
Seven mathematical models were tested to adjust UHPLC-MS/MS data to GC-MS data .
XVI data was used to adjust patient setups before treatment delivery .
Animals use rules to adjust their level of investment in a contest .
We further develop two novel association tests that adjust for local ancestry .
How do adolescents adjust to their parent 's multiple sclerosis ?
All analyses adjust for disease severity , hospitalization history , and resources .
Chronic treatments with these drugs likely adjust altered dopaminergic neurotransmission in sensitized animals .
Plants adjust their growth and development in response to the ambient light environment .
Thereafter , patients could adjust the dose ( either 7.5 or 15 mg ) .
Theory also predicts that parasites should adjust sex allocation in response to host immunity .
Prey usually adjust anti-predator behavior to subtle variations in perceived risk .
The CD head can adjust its conformation to the available area per molecule .
Continuous Tac monitoring is necessary to adjust the dose and prevent toxicity or rejection .
Use of computed tomography scanning to guide lung recruitment and adjust positive-end expiratory pressure .
This information can be used to adjust staffing and to establish variable billing procedures .
In their clinical work GPs have to adjust to and integrate alternative perspectives .
Multivariate logistic regression models were used to adjust for confounders and test for interactions .
We address the questions , How do physicians adjust to and enjoy their retirement ?
A thin flexible foil is inserted into the joint and adjust itself to curvatures .
Uncertainties exist about when and how best to adjust performance measures for case mix .
Salmonella changes the metabolism and adjust the plant host by suppressing the defense mechanisms .
[To adjust or not to adjust census data ? ] .
The Recreational players did not adjust their forehand drive , and spatial accuracy deteriorated .
Kissing balloon technique can adjust carina shift but can not improve plaque shift .
