Jet nebulizers are commonly used to administer aerosolized tobramycin to CF patients .
Treatment providers need to administer evidence-based interventions to help people quit successfully .
The most effective technique to administer SWI is yet to be determined .
Caregivers should be advised not to administer over-the-counter laxatives to infants without physician supervision .
It is possible to administer these capsules postoperatively by the stereotactic method .
Would you administer placebos for pain ?
Any qualified dermatologist may administer fractional laser treatment .
A second purpose was to evaluate if herdsmen can effectively administer anaesthesia .
An easy way to administer sublingual nifedipine .
Pegaspargase was equally effective and easier to administer than L-asparaginase .
The HAQ is simpler and easier to administer than the WAI .
These nutrients are safe to administer to dogs .
Therefore , owners should not administer this synbiotic in this manner .
In conclusion , radiologists administer significant amount of fluid and heparin during interventional procedures .
Florida and some other states administer AIDS tests to all individuals arrested for prostitution .
How to effectively plan and administer a major hospital expansion project .
Research is needed to expand the database and administer the task to clinical groups .
How to administer an academic medical center and survive .
Psychologists have received the training necessary to administer and interpret psychological tests .
IntegNeuro was easy to administer and acceptable to young women .
Many neuropsychological test batteries are comprehensive and require specialized training to administer and interpret .
Should we administer anti-inflammatory treatments , or should we induce self-reactive T cells ?
[Anxiety is our heritage and we should administer it well ] .
We did not administer vitamin K and initiated feeding after the seventh postoperative day .
Establish a progressive discipline schedule and administer it consistently to all employees .
Future trials should consider gender when deciding how many treatments to administer .
Many clinicians administer thyroid hormones to improve the transplantation outcomes .
The CRS requires , at most , 45 minutes to administer .
