Want to admit patient , but can n't ?
Be brave , admit ignorance .
In 91 % of EDs , a decision to admit the patient was made .
Both domains admit complex-valued wave speeds to enable the inclusion of damping .
Professionals should admit a mistake when it had occurred .
We must therefore admit an evolution in cell differentiation .
Why admit stroke patients to hospital ?
Why admit stroke patients to hospital ?
Why admit stroke patients to hospital ?
Factors affecting the decision to admit mental patients in a community hospital .
It 's a frequent cause to admit people in hospital .
It is not advisable to admit these children to child communities .
Many surgeons routinely admit their patients for overnight observation after uneventful endovascular interventions .
Soviets admit improper committal to mental hospitals .
Therefore , we must admit such positivity as preexistent to the myocardial infarction .
These findings contradict the earlier reports that Africans do not admit to being depressed .
However , he did admit to frequent hand washing .
Few patients with anorectal foreign bodies will freely admit to transanal introduction .
Estimating non-compliance is notoriously problematic as rule-breakers may be disinclined to admit to transgressions .
To admit or not to admit : high-acuity residents are high reimbursement risks .
Diabetes : do n't immediately admit before evaluating the entire situation .
Additional efforts may be required to attract and admit minority and female applicants .
He 's malnourished - admit him to the nutrition unit and feed him up !
The diabatic states are charge localized and admit a natural valence-bond interpretation .
The offender did not admit the assaults and strictly refused a forensic psychiatric examination .
The decision to admit the patient or not was recorded and compared across conditions .
The parents did not admit consanguinity and showed a reduced platelet content of GPIIb-IIIa .
It 's hard for men to admit or even recognize their own depression .
Most participants chose not to admit or treat the patient in the baseline vignette .
To admit or not to admit ?
