For proof-of-concept , HDL AuNPs are shown to adsorb antisense cholesterylated DNA .
Increasing hydration of the drying agents reduced their capacity to adsorb CO2 .
In vitro , the Lundh test meal was found to adsorb bile acid .
Gtfs also adsorb to surfaces of other oral microorganisms converting them to glucan producers .
After submonolayer deposition , the molecules adsorb tilted on the bridging oxygen row .
Isolated molecules adsorb preferentially at steps .
This explains the ability of hydrogen to adsorb on closely spaced nanorods .
Dendrimers have been shown to adsorb spontaneously on electrode materials as compressed macromolecular films .
Radiolabelled cell extracts were then added and allowed to adsorb to the antigen .
Several macroporous adsorbent resins were chosen to adsorb vanillin in situ during the bioconversion .
Synthetic resin was not found efficient to adsorb 2,4 DCP compared to activated carbon .
Its ability to adsorb Pb ( II ) ions from aqueous solutions was examined .
However , CNTs do not adsorb supercoiled form of plasmid DNA .
The novel product PVDF - Ser could adsorb endotoxin with high safety and efficacy .
It is filled with extra-fine fibers that can adsorb TGF-beta .
This AD-aptamer complex cannot adsorb onto CNTs , and has high fluorescence intensity .
Viruses adsorb on these nanosheets and degrade when exposed to UV light .
Semi-volatile , they adsorb to atmospheric particles and get distributed in all ecosystems .
Minerals adsorb more amino acids with charged R-groups than amino acids with uncharged R-groups .
At such concentrations the minerals adsorb ca .
Our results show that polystyrene plates adsorb BSA-Ar36 according to the Langmuir isotherm .
The treated virus was still able to adsorb to and penetrate into HeLa cells .
Dye molecules aggregate together near the surface of AgBr and adsorb on the surface .
Particles first diffuse and adsorb at the Hg0 surface .
It was found that MWNT could adsorb midecamycin and promote its direct electron-transfer .
Ferrocene molecules adsorb dissociatively and form a two layer structure .
Polycarbonate does not adsorb virus and is well suited to particle sizing .
The prepared nanocomposites were used to adsorb and photocatalytically degrade organic pollutants from water .
The ability of soils to adsorb and degrade pesticides strongly influences their environmental fate .
A second method used charcoal to adsorb and concentrate analyte from 10-L air samples .
