New technologies have enabled such research to advance in the recent years .
Infusions and option of airway management are ready to set in advance .
Many decisions taken in advance , have enormous impact on the quality of implementation .
Engaging neuroscience to advance translational research in brain barrier biology .
A randomized trial of advance care planning is possible .
Only 3.2 % reported that discussing advance directives is time consuming .
Predicted BMI may advance the BMI that each patient would probably achieve after surgery .
Human rights and health : opportunities to advance rural occupational health .
The positive attitudes and perceptions of care managers about advance directives .
Furthermore , it can be used to advance research in this field .
to explore views on advance care planning in care homes for older people .
staff and family revealed positive opinions towards advance care planning .
Specific recommendations are made throughout in an attempt to guide and advance the field .
A collaborative effort is needed to advance research and improve treatment .
Program of plenary sessions and advance abstracts of short communications .
[Research advance on non-small cell lung carcinoma with neuroendocrine differentiation ] .
The immunolabelling becomes stronger as the age of animals advance through the post-pubertal stage .
Phase advance with separate and combined melatonin and light treatment .
Teaching advance care planning to medical students with a computer-based decision aid .
The findings advance our knowledge of ozone precursors in the PRD region .
Effect of requiring advance approval of chemotherapy on number and cost of ungiven doses .
The charge to advance theory and improve health outcomes .
Ongoing investigations should advance the knowledge and experience with this disease in future years .
We advance a definition of transdisciplinary thinking and link it with complexity theory .
The blood studies showed anemia , and advance of ESR .
Transition between advance and delay responses to eastbound transmeridian flights .
Contrast-enhanced ultrasonography : advance and current status in abdominal imaging .
Off-site systems advance .
Antidepressant effects of the sleep/wake cycle phase advance .
Fibrosis did not advance as compared with the biopsy specimen .
