" Midwives must have powers to advise commissioning boards " .
The purpose of this SAP was to advise the U.S.
Medical doctors have a responsibility to know the facts and to advise their patients .
We strongly advise prophylactic reoperation of recipients of TT valves .
Current guidelines for the healthy population advise restriction of sucrose intake .
[How to advise an infertile couple ] .
Should midwives advise women to avoid alcohol completely during pregnancy ?
International guidelines , however , advise starting with an atypical ( second-generation ) antipsychotic .
We advise hemichannel researchers to proceed with caution and an open mind .
For these particles TEM results advise a rather flat lenticular morphology .
More recent recommendations advise moderation in the use of alcohol .
Pharmacists should advise patients on the long-term complications of chronic analgesic use .
We strongly advise against the use of anterior chamber iris implants for cosmetic indications .
For all other languages we advise to translate the original version of the NDI .
Most teams advise against weight bearing for 6 weeks to 3 months .
Chiropractic interns can and should be encouraged to advise smokers about cessation .
US firm to advise Scottish health service on quality improvement .
Only 61 % were confident of their ability to advise such patients on pregnancy .
There is insufficient evidence to advise for or against the use of CAS .
The legal consequences of neglect to advise in cases of AIDS is studied .
European embryology experts offer to advise on ethics of cloning .
To alert and advise policy makers about electronic cigarettes and their potential hazards .
You are debating whether the expense is worthwhile and advise your hospital administration accordingly .
Clinicians should be aware of its risks and advise their patients accordingly .
How should I advise her and should she switch to formula feeding ?
Our Health Systems Agency - how and why we advise it .
The majority advise breast-feeding and continue AM postpartum .
How to advise and refer inpatients who smoke .
Ask , advise , assist : pediatricians and passive smoke exposure .
In order to advise and diagnose it is essential to clarify the consanguinity state .
