We advocate immediate surgical exploration with suspected TT .
Therefore , we advocate a modification on the fabrication of the tragus .
We advocate this procedure for basal thumb arthritis in men .
We advocate routine use of the shoelace technique during laparoscopic ventral hernia repair .
In addition , international guidelines advocate universal vaccination of infants and children against rotavirus .
We would however advocate ONS as first choice alternative therapy in iCCH .
The 2011 ESRD prospective payment system : perspectives of a home dialysis patient advocate .
Current recommendations mostly advocate that lithium be administered in multiple daily doses .
We advocate that SLNB be performed in a single stage with mastectomy and IBR .
From local school nurse to national advocate .
Children cannot vote , should n't we advocate for them ?
Why advocate for physical activity ? 2 .
Primary care reform proponents advocate for patient-centered medical homes built on interdisciplinary teamwork .
Policymakers should advocate for greater access to mifepristone .
Some would advocate against routine use of prereduction x-rays for shoulder dislocations .
To advocate newborn screening for SCID .
Older pediatricians were most likely to advocate and practice risk reduction in children .
Hospital marketing program must involve physicians , advocate says .
The condition usually requires open reduction , and most authors advocate a dorsal incision .
We advocate use of this preliminary data to design and test future educational interventions .
Surgeons should be aware of this complication and we advocate careful long-term follow-up .
On being a kidney patient advocate and nurse .
They emphasise its advantages and advocate to its more frequent application .
Nurses are positioned to educate and advocate for universal CCHD newborn screening .
Medical students were statistically more likely to advocate resuscitation in each category .
Pharmacists are in a unique position to advocate change with consistent access to care .
It should not be used as an argument to advocate hemigastrectomy in PPPD .
Mothers identified their roles as caregiver , teacher , therapist , and advocate .
The resident 's family : adversary or advocate in long-term care ?
Frances Ginsberg : educator and advocate of surgical technologists .
