Routine ophthalmic screening procedures do not affect the quality of spectral domain OCT images .
However Q3G did not affect inflammatory gene expression .
Lowering TCR expression on naive CD8+ T cells does not affect memory T-cell differentiation .
Various factors are known to affect the outcomes for patients diagnosed with FN .
Age and renal function appear to affect the exposure of dabigatran etexilate .
Quinagolide did not affect the release of oxytocin at milking .
PFTs affect the permeability of target cells by forming pores in their plasma membrane .
Does side dominance affect the symmetry of barbell end kinematics during lower-body resistance exercise ?
Early intervention with probiotics and pre-biotics does not affect airway inflammation later in childhood .
The preparation technique did not affect particle degradation nor induce phagocytosis by human leukocytes .
The flavonoids did not affect AhR expression but counteracted the BaP mediated AhRR repression .
Center size did not affect survival , nor any of the time intervals studied .
These miRNAs are involved in a variety of pathways and can affect many diseases .
Malnutrition and sarcopenia in institutions are very common and significantly affect the prognosis .
Gait dysfunctions are highly prevalent in individuals post-stroke and affect multiple lower extremity joints .
At no stage did the concentration of added Cu affect the productive traits measured .
Seagrass has been shown to affect seawater hydrodynamics by slowing the movement of water .
Three ways reward might affect decision making in this framework are considered .
This can affect them both in their work environment and outside of work .
LVV loading did not affect tauL at all but affected tauE slightly .
Both affect bone during growth , but with complex interactions .
However , another mechanism in which iminosugars can affect the biofilm is ignored .
However , the cellular mechanism by which amino acids affect CCK secretion is unknown .
It is currently unclear to which extent these components affect irreversible functional disability .
Differential responses to stimuli can affect how cells succumb to disease .
Interestingly , such changes do not affect the high-frequency oscillations under NMDA .
SB242084 treatment also did not affect strategy-switching .
Probiotics have been shown to be immunomodulatory and can affect antibody responses following vaccination .
Hypoalbuminemia affects peritubular oncotic pressure and may in turn affect platinum excretion .
In vitro and in vivo-treatment with this drug did not affect spontaneous lymphocyte blastogenesis .
