Antibodies were able to bind to the surface of the parasites and agglutinate them .
Six of the 26 strains tested were unable to agglutinate sheep erythrocytes .
Bovine leukaemia virus ( BLV ) was found to agglutinate mouse erythrocytes .
Although this assay enjoys widespread use , some virus strains do not agglutinate RBCs .
Tomato lectin could agglutinate monocytes and B lymphocytes as well as T lymphocytes .
Yariv antigens containing alpha-anomeric or thio-glycosidic linkages did not agglutinate protoplasts .
The lectin was monomeric and did not agglutinate horse blood or human erythrocytes .
Fibrinogen --its role in platelet agglutination and agglutinate stability .
The lectin agglutinates rabbit erythrocytes but does not agglutinate human erythrocytes .
The ability of cestode coracidia to agglutinate in homologous antiserum was established .
The coated erythrocytes were found to agglutinate specifically by anti-A antibodies .
Flagella appear to agglutinate at random points on their surface .
Recombinant FcLec4 could agglutinate both Gram-positive and -negative bacteria in the presence of calcium .
Recombinant FcLec3 could agglutinate Gram-negative and -positive bacteria with the presence of calcium .
The results show that agglutinate size decreases with decreasing CRP concentration .
Chlamydomonas eugametos gametes can sexually agglutinate via their flagellar surfaces whereas vegetative cells cannot .
Chlamydomonas eugametos gametes agglutinate sexually by their flagellar surfaces .
Moreover , they did not agglutinate in acriflavin .
The bacteria could significantly agglutinate yeast and lost this ability after protease K treatment .
The former antibodies agglutinate thylakoids and inhibit PMS cyclic photophosphorylation .
The antibodies did not agglutinate serotype 1 or nontypable B. pertussis cells .
At a temperature of 37 degrees C the agglutinate broke down within 15 minutes .
Histones only weakly agglutinate type II erythrocytes in contrast to the lectin .
In addition the anti-flagellin did not agglutinate P. aeruginosa and B. cepacia .
First , Dsp cells were unable to agglutinate or secrete this extracellular material .
Phytohemagglutinin causes cultured lymphocytes to agglutinate , divide , and produce gamma-globulin .
Anti-OmpU serum did not agglutinate strain 86B3 or other V. cholerae organisms .
When the organ is incubated with polycationic ferritin before fixation the sensory hairs agglutinate .
Sera of new-borns did not agglutinate Tn-erythrocytes .
