This might aggravate radiation-induced pulmonary lesion .
We hypothesized that loss of endogenous BMP-6 would aggravate renal injury and fibrosis .
The administration of calcineurin inhibitors in the postoperative period can aggravate the situation .
Stigma is likely to aggravate the severe medical and social consequences of alcohol dependence .
Stress has been linked to aggravate the metabolic abnormalities present in MBS .
Benzodiazepines are known to aggravate the obstructive sleep apnea syndrome .
It appears to be associated with postprandial intestinal symptoms and might aggravate late hypoglycemia .
Innumerable chemical substances used in various production processes can cause or aggravate occupational asthma .
Other options serve only to prolong and aggravate the current disparities .
Hypercholesterolemia - related changes in the basilar artery aggravate vasospasm after SAH .
It is possible that low vitamin D can in turn aggravate CHF .
Combined hypoxia and hypercapnia clearly aggravate CaOx toxicity to renal cell lines .
Liver cirrhosis can aggravate HE , and lead to a higher mortality .
Laparoscopy , however , does not aggravate such changes , but elevates urinary cortisol .
Therefore variations in the SGK1 gene may aggravate renal salt loss or cause PHA1 .
Stress-stimulation may aggravate periodontitis by decreased tissue oxygenation in rats .
Compounds that infiltrate the skin can aggravate the reaction to the damaged epidermis .
Bile salts may initiate or aggravate cholestasis in man .
Polypectomy does not aggravate or cause asthma .
Antiarrhythmic drugs may aggravate or even induce ventricular arrhythmias .
Statins : do they aggravate or ameliorate neuropathic pain ?
This selective lysis avoids thrombolytic effects that could aggravate or produce systemic hemorrhagic complications .
Furthermore , certain occupational factors were shown to aggravate or attenuate other risk factors .
Exercise is known to trigger , aggravate , or relieve the symptoms .
Androgen excess may provoke or aggravate acne by inducing seborrhea .
Reflux may trigger and aggravate respiratory diseases especially bronchial asthma .
