Conventional cross-sectional-MRA measurements of PPAS only moderately agree with XRA .
The determined radii agree with values found in other studies .
The DFT/MRCI results for the presently determined structures agree well with the experimental spectrum .
Both groups agree ( p = 0.7 ) that personal income is decreased .
So , they did not agree enhancing the penalty of medical malpractice crime .
It is shown that the predictions by the both methods agree closely .
Do doctors and patients agree on cardiovascular-risk management recommendations post-consultation ?
The classical limit of this model is shown to agree with previously proposed models .
Quantum chemical calculations provide theoretical predictions that agree well with the measurements .
2 studies agree on fish benefits but differ on contaminants .
Precision is poor but hCG results agree closely with the other assays .
These predictions agree well with existing experimental evidence and suggest new experiments .
H atoms were refined anisotropically and agree well with a previous neutron study .
Coefficients of genetic distance were calculated and substantially agree with the conventional taxonomy .
Simulations using the absorption-front model are performed and agree qualitatively with experimental results .
Conditions when these methods agree and disagree are provided .
The results agree well and yield a comparable pattern of absorption .
Theory and experiment agree and exhibit very good cloaking performance .
The measured momentum distributions agree quantitatively with theory ( no adjustable parameters ) .
Grouped ISS scores agree , on average , 75 % of the time .
Let 's agree on terminology : definitions of sepsis .
The experts were found to be consistent and to agree .
Analytical predictions and results from numerical simulations are performed and agree very well .
Happiness is learning to fight fair and agree to disagree with your boss .
It presents four such domains of which two agree closely with the consensus .
We also assessed the degree to which NH pathologists agree with National Guidelines .
To find out the extent to which PHC doctors agree with IP .
We agree : a rejoinder from Penk and Robinowitz to Sutker and Allain .
River blindness : NGOs agree Africa strategy in Geneva .
The observed intensities of the spectral lines well agree the calculated coefficients .
