Exposure of CVS was obtained and evaluated by aid of a 2-mm device .
Many diagnostic scoring systems have been developed to aid with diagnosis .
A variety of laboratory and radiographic tools are available to aid in the diagnosis .
Finally , computational approaches aid in predicting and understanding receptor behavior .
Recognizing the features of FNH will aid in diagnosis and appropriate management .
OCT interpretation of macular lesions can aid in diagnosis and management .
Previous strategies to aid their development have been described to aid their formation .
To aid evolutionary studies and species distinction , molecular techniques are often used .
Formal structures to aid the physician have been developed in Australia and New Zealand .
Sleep aid use during and following breast cancer adjuvant chemotherapy .
Clinical evaluation of a new hearing aid anti-cardioid directivity pattern .
Dentists wanted concise , timely evidence-based guidance to aid their management of patients .
We use animal models , particularly mice , to aid us in these studies .
Results were used to aid institutional outbreak investigation by identifying clusters of NAP1/027 .
BTX may be used to aid healing after hemorrhoidectomy .
These key findings may aid researchers in the development of other oral formulations .
Refined exercise testing can aid DNA-based diagnosis in muscle channelopathies .
Nomograms to aid fluid resuscitation in acute burns .
The ocular manifestations are usually trivial , but greatly aid in the diagnosis .
Game-based assessment of first aid and resuscitation skills .
[ " Fight the addicts " or aid in living ? ] .
The headache history outlined will aid in headache classification and screen for ominous causes .
The presence of headache may aid in or hinder diagnosis .
CFI precursor could aid in the diagnosis and indicate the advancement of gastric cancer .
Surgery for the bone-anchored hearing aid .
Mental health first aid : a " radical efficiency " in health promotion .
( 3 ) Mutual aid .
They provided psychological first aid , brief psychotherapy and referral for severe patients .
Harness suspension and first aid management : development of an evidence-based guideline .
Mitochondrial dysfunction contributes to a number of human disorders and may aid cancer progression .
