They tend to align parallel to each other forming needlelike structures .
Participants were required to align the figure parallel to their median trunk axis .
We apply this algorithm to align magnetic resonance brain data .
Submit sequences to Genome VISTA to align them to whole genomes .
One , it is easier to align the transducer with the reflected beam .
An optimized algorithm was employed to align the x-ray image to the three-dimensional model .
Our theoretical calculations align well with current device performance data .
Chloroplasts in higher magnetic fields align with their equatorial plane perpendicular to the field .
These prevalence estimates align with those reported in prior literature .
The robotic arm is driven into place to align with predetermined coordinates .
Nonlinear optics : Dipoles align inside a nanotube .
Two difficult functional items tended to align with pain items .
This identification allowed us to align the restriction map with the BaEV genetic map .
Histone H5 can correctly align randomly arranged nucleosomes in a defined in vitro system .
Other cell types , specifically fibroblasts , align their ECM in response to CS .
Then steps can be taken to align incentives and improve operating results .
Using cylindrical domains of block copolymers to self-assemble and align metallic nanowires .
Precise instrumentation is necessary to consistently balance and align a mobile-bearing implant .
Atomic force and optical microscopy align themselves .
An intramedullary instrument to align bone fragments in closed Kuntscher nailing .
Sex-specific interventions for CJ populations with HIV effectively align public health and safety goals .
Diabetes and depression align in a non-accidental way and complicate one another .
These deposits align with chitin microfibrils and exhibit a helicoidal pattern .
We examined how surgeon preferences align with guidelines or vary by training .
Multiple latent failures align to allow a serious drug interaction to harm a patient .
Multiple latent failures align to harm a patient seriously .
Active ageing and occupational therapy align .
Our design is significantly easier to align and tune compared with previous designs .
Dataset was elaborated to align and normalize the spectra .
Then fixed appliances were used to align and level the dentition .
