This may allow significant alterations in the generation of T-cell memory .
However , only consistent recommendations would allow a standardized clinical practice .
The improved knowledge would allow more accurate diagnostic interpretations and surgical treatment .
The patient was positioned on a wing board to allow access to the stoma .
Some flaps can become long , but these are also removed to allow joining .
A strategy has been developed to allow the rapid production of such cell lines .
This will allow clinicians to achieve high-dose repletion more frequently as a single administration .
The growing presence of national and international biobank networks will allow biobanks to synergize .
Novel anatomic pathology technologies allow pathologists to digitally view and diagnose cases .
At the same time , the miniature package dimensions allow for wafer-level probing .
The decreased crystallinity resulting from these interactions may allow for enhanced drug loading .
In this scheme , one-shot recording and digital reconstruction allow for real-time measurement .
We propose a conceptual model for how early retinal signalling may allow this .
Local perforator flaps allow closure of pressure sores without harvesting muscle .
These findings should allow improved characterization of SWCNT samples by absorption spectroscopy .
Structural equation modeling was used to allow for simultaneous testing of relationships between variables .
Bone volume must be reestablished to allow for proper implant placement .
We describe the user interface and applications that allow for cross-database queries .
Nonoptimal DNA topoisomerases allow maintenance of supercoiling levels and improve fitness of Streptococcus pneumoniae .
Increased awareness of clinicians to this coexistence may allow early intervention and improve outcome .
None of the hypotheses could be verified and the results allow two major conclusions .
Only two studies were sufficiently similar to allow pooling of data for statistical analyses .
Too few were users of strontium to allow analysis for this compound .
Data were reanalysed to allow greater statistical power for comparisons .
This approach is generic and will allow application to other products and other hosts .
The approach is general and should allow combinatorial optimization of other many-body problems .
These structures maintain T cell - APC interaction and allow directed secretion .
Skin tests allow different platinum salts to be given and avoid discontinuation of chemotherapy .
Dopamine agonists allow women presenting prolactinoma to recover their ovulation cycles and become pregnant .
Clinics allow the diagnosis to be made , but treatment is difficult .
