Biofeedback and background noise did not alter the relative change in HR or BP .
Pretreatment with methylphenidate ( 0.56 mg/kg ) did not significantly alter methamphetamine self-administration .
Peritoneal dialysis fluids can alter HSP expression in human peritoneal mesothelial cells .
Atrazine was found to alter the expression of few hepatic transcripts .
These reactive oxygen species are known to have the capability to alter DNA .
Cocaine has been shown to alter behavior and mood , causing feelings of euphoria .
Thyroid hormones alter the adenine nucleotide hydrolysis in adult rat blood serum .
Changes in dendritic axial resistance alter synaptic integration in cerebellar Purkinje cells .
In contrast , longer photoperiods did not alter reinstatement .
High levels of ROS alter the redox status and are detrimental to seed viability .
The RV-PA shunt does not significantly alter mortality or increase mesenteric blood flow .
The vectors did not alter sucrose intake and a scrambled siRNA vector was negative .
Chitosan is the deacetylation product of chitin and can alter bladder urothelium .
Resin cements may alter nerve conductance and even lead to neurotoxic effects .
This resulted in increased immune and inflammatory responses but did not alter degradation profiles .
Acute ethanol intoxication has the potential to alter immune reactivity by various pathways .
The truncation of PP2B appeared to alter its intracellular distribution in the brain .
Some medications are used specifically to alter serum calcium as a therapeutic intervention .
Of these , 20 % did not alter management and could be deemed unnecessary .
Insulin did not alter myocardial muscle perfusion at rest or during hyperemia .
In addition , opening the cochlea may alter its function and affect the findings .
In contrast , diabetic metabolic situation and urinary albumin excretion did not alter .
Surprisingly , flap perfusion did not alter after dissection .
ERalpha and ERbeta expression and localisation did not alter during the year .
I discuss plausible molecular mechanisms through which cAMP might alter gene expression .
The mechanism by which these agents alter the seizure threshold is not yet known .
The way in which traffic volumes alter these findings is also examined .
Serum levels of triglyceride and other lipoproteins did not significantly alter .
The type of incidents reported did not alter .
Past experience can alter how individuals respond to stressful events .
