Sufficiently suppressing SDB by adequate therapies seems to ameliorate its arrhythmogenic impact .
Rumex patientia ( RP ) could exert beneficial health effects to ameliorate metabolic diseases .
Treatment should prevent rupture and ameliorate cardiovascular risk .
Antisense oligonucleotides delivered to the mouse CNS ameliorate symptoms of severe spinal muscular atrophy .
Anti-FGF-23 neutralizing antibodies ameliorate muscle weakness and decreased spontaneous movement of Hyp mice .
Controlling the expression of these pathways could ameliorate human health .
It has been reported that Tanshinone IIA can ameliorate fibrosis in various tissues .
Moreover , HSP70 could ameliorate oxidative stress following I/R injury .
Phytosterols ameliorate clinical manifestations and inflammation in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis .
We discuss potency to use EGCG to ameliorate redox balance after HD exposure .
TN-2 may ameliorate memory and learning deficits by activating the CREB - BDNF pathway .
Glutamine contributes to ameliorate inflammation after renal ischemia/reperfusion injury in rats .
Dietary strategies can ameliorate symptoms , but this approach is not always foolproof .
Ligustrazine can ameliorate microcirculatory disorder and alleviate the damage to the lung .
Peri-procedual Danhong injection can ameliorate myocardial injury and improve segmental systolic function .
Contractors can become immediately aware of contributing factors and ameliorate them quickly .
These qualities enable PUFA n3 to ameliorate stroke outcome and limit neuronal damage .
In contrast , LFS enhanced VF but did not ameliorate tremor .
Depending on their chemical nature , retinoids can either ameliorate or exacerbate stress-related damage .
Increasing autophagy might ameliorate liver damage and restore mitochondrial function after I/R .
Lifestyle interventions have been shown to ameliorate or prevent individual components of MetS .
Early treatment of hormonal dysfunction generally allows to ameliorate or normalize the weight gain .
YHCD can ameliorate hypoestrinemia induced by clomiphene and increase the pregnant rate in patients .
Nonselective beta-adrenergic blockers can ameliorate and prevent recurrence of the paralytic attacks .
Mesna can ameliorate or even prevent intestinal I/R injury by reducing oxidative stress .
Why can immunosuppression ameliorate , even stop , but not cure chronic inflammation ?
Melatonin improves bladder symptoms and may ameliorate bladder damage via increasing HO-1 in rats .
