Additionally , PCR was used to amplify PV DNA from the OSCCs .
The challenge is to amplify immune responses to combat tumour escape mechanisms .
Comorbidities are known to increase the perioperative risk profile and therefore amplify treatment expenses .
RT-PCR was performed to amplify HOXB5 mRNA in 15 OSCCs and adjacent non-tumoral epithelium .
We were successful to amplify specific fragment of interest from the DNA samples .
PowerPlex 16 kit was used to simultaneously amplify 15 STR loci by PCR .
Auditory-olfactory integration : congruent or pleasant sounds amplify odor pleasantness .
The probes did not amplify any other reference strains .
Concepts and ways to amplify the antitumor immune response .
Cleavage of Bid may amplify caspase-8 - induced neuronal cell death following seizures .
Dendritic cells amplify T cell-mediated immune responses in the central nervous system .
3D visualization of movements can amplify motor cortex activation during subsequent motor imagery .
Mutations in diphtheria toxin separate binding from entry and amplify immunotoxin selectivity .
Fresh serum is not necessary but does amplify both adherence and endothelial injury .
First , engage in practices that actively produce and amplify fleeting signs of ignorance .
Small molecules are attractive therapeutics to amplify and direct differentiation of stem cells .
Such pathways relay , amplify and integrate signals to elicit appropriate biological responses .
Plasma viral RNA was used to amplify and sequence the HCV NS3 gene .
Cells must amplify external signals to orient and migrate in chemotactic gradient fields .
Mitochondria amplify apoptotic cascades and have emerged as crucial organelles in ischemia-reperfusion .
Arginine stimulates GH release , and lysine may amplify this response .
Two of these samples ( 2.7 % ) also failed to amplify with PCR .
Amplimers of higher length failed to amplify with paraffin extracted DNA .
Failure to amplify from DBS did not correlate with low plasma viral loads .
One An. rivulorum was identified and seven specimens did not amplify .
These modules rapidly amplify and transduce extracellular signals into various appropriate intracellular responses .
Leukocyte subpopulations which amplify or suppress antigen-induced proliferation in Syrian hamsters .
