The usefulness of concept mapping to analyze problems was demonstrated .
T-Student tests and Chi-square tests were applied to analyze the data .
To analyze the association between DTI and tumor stage .
Repeated measures models were used to analyze feeding patterns during the day .
Pearson 's correlation was used to analyze the correction over time .
To analyze early and midterm complications after hybrid aortic arch repair ( HAR ) .
To analyze cases of ovarian leiomyomas and to discuss the proper surgical management .
Being able to model and analyze their behavior is crucial for understanding their function .
We fabricate , pattern , and analyze thin films composed of multilayer graphene nanoribbons .
We analyze archival evidence on the physical stature of 19th-century female US passport applicants .
We analyze data from a longitudinal survey conducted between 1999 and 2003 .
Many studies analyze the explantation procedure of pectorally placed TIVAPs .
In the present study , we numerically analyze the consequences of relaxing this assumption .
In this report , we analyze epigenetic modifications that allow enhancer activation in glia .
In this study , we analyze the setup of the KRAS scheme .
Our objective was to analyze and describe the informatics of this program .
This study was designed to analyze and quantitate phospholipid components of liposomes .
To analyze and compare manual and computerized measurements of SVI in CT images .
We analyze basic mathematical properties of the proposed model and present some numerical simulations .
We analyze the retinex algorithm and discuss its general properties .
Pathologists typically analyze biopsy specimens and report their opinions in a qualitative fashion .
To analyze differences for prostate cancer by race and in rural areas .
Summarize and analyze the complications both during operation and post operation .
A primer on how to analyze contracts and avoid the traps : Part 2 .
In this review we analyze these recent findings and attempt to reconcile these observations .
We analyze the receiver theoretically and in a proof-of-concept experiment .
We also analyze the characteristics of ERD2s within a species and among different species .
For analyze of the results of the study were selected 409 patients .
Ouabain was used as the selective agent to quantitatively analyze for chemically induced mutants .
To analyze in more detail the genetic factors , we examined 12 sickle syndromes .
