A lobster-specific PNA oligomer ( 20 bases ) was designed to anneal to the sequence at the junction of the 18 S rDNA gene and the internal transcribed spacer 1 ( ITS1 ) of the lobster .
Three primers ( CUB-P-loop F , CUB-Kin2 F and CUB-HD R ) were designed , from which CUB-Kin2 F and CUB - HD R were constructed to anneal selectively to the non-TIR sequences .
Genomic DNA was isolated from the tumor cells , and primers that anneal to intronic regions were used to amplify and sequence all 65 coding exons of the FBN1 gene .
We show that oligonucleotides ( ODNs ) designed to anneal to the lagging strand generate 100-fold greater ' editing ' efficiency than ' those that anneal to ' the leading strand .
Newly synthesized complementary single-stranded extensions become ' sticky ends ' that anneal with high precision , joining together contiguous DNA fragments into long , linear , double-stranded intermediates .
The Eip28/29 gene is unique because the cloned genomic DNA hybridizes to both EIP 28 and 29 messenger RNAs under stringent conditions , but does not anneal detectably to other genomic sequences even under mild conditions .
The probe did not cross hybridize with the DNAs of molecular clones of ecotropic , mink cell focus-forming , or xenotropic MuLVs ; nor did it anneal to the proviral DNAs of four xenotropic or six mink cell focus-forming viral isolates grown in mink cells .
This xenotropic envelope proviral DNA segment did not hybridize to ecotropic murine leukemia proviruses but did anneal to representative alpha and beta xenotropic and seven different mink cell focus-inducing proviral DNAs .
Arenavirus RNA genomes are initiated by a " prime and realign " mechanism , such that the initiating GTP is found as a single unpaired ( overhanging ) nucleotide when the complementary genome ends anneal to form double-stranded ( ds ) RNA panhandle structures .
Moreover we demonstrate that patterning the bilayer film generates localized surface agglomeration waves during the anneal that can be exploited to position the grown wires .
One-dimensional-NMR data suggest that the peptide changes the population distribution of possible RNA structures to favor an annealing-prone RNA conformation , thereby increasing the fraction of colliding RNA molecules that successfully anneal .
We use an ex situ wet chemical process combined with an in situ anneal treatment followed by a homoepitaxial buffer layer grown by molecular beam epitaxy and a subsequent final thermal anneal .
We have developed a method , termed restriction site polymerase chain reaction ( RS-PCR ) , that utilizes specially designed primers that recognize , anneal , and sustain PCR .
A progressive blueshift in the emission wavelength of the device can clearly be observed in real time while high energy photons are delivered to anneal the device facet , hence enabling the control on the degree of intermixing required .
Chemical compositions of ZnTe and ZnTe : Cu polycrystalline films were obtained by using XPS , and the changes of chemical composition before and after anneal were analyzed .
The primer do not anneal during symmethric stage but after decreasing of annealing temperature on asymmethric stage .
We designed one forward primer on a region conserved across all haplotypes , and three reverse primers that anneal to species-specific regions and amplify fragments of different lengths for R. prolixus ( 285 bp ) and for members of the two major R. robustus lineages : group I ( 349 bp ) and groups II-IV ( 239 bp ) .
The alpha-conjugate did not anneal to native mRNA , possibly due to the interference of the 9-aminoellipticine with the cap structure and , unlike the beta-adduct , was practically inactive as inhibitor of translation in a cell-free system .
The pPBS27 phage vector is linearized with XbaI using a restriction-site-directed fragment and used to anneal a mixture of poly ( A ) + RNA for cDNA synthesis by reverse transcriptase .
These results are consistent with a mechanism in which oligonucleotides anneal to single-stranded regions of DNA at a replication fork and serve as primers for DNA synthesis .
These results indicate that reverse transcriptase is able to anneal the exogenous primer tRNA at the ' primer-binding site ' near the 5'-end of the long terminal repeat ( LTR ) of AMV RNA .
The R127A mutant had considerably decreased binding affinity for SSB and could not anneal SSB - coated ssDNAs .
Subsequently , repeated indentations are performed onto the sputtered cluster to mechanically anneal the tip apex and thus to ensure the stability of the tip .
AcycloPrime - FP analysis showed specific anneal and incorporation without any cross-reaction .
Demagnetization does not anneal this model system into its antiferromagnetic ground state : the moments have a static disordered configuration similar to the frozen state of the spin ice materials .
As an example , we anneal diphenyl - functionalized squaraine ( DPSQ ) / C ( 60 ) heterojunctions before or after the deposition of C ( 60 ) .
The results indicated that our equipment can fully anneal the nanoDot OSL dosimeter with annealing times of approximately 20 hours .
