Likewise , 15-deoxy-TIC failed to antagonize taprostene - and iloprost-induced reporter transactivation .
SIV Nef proteins recruit the AP-2 complex to antagonize Tetherin and facilitate virion release .
Reciprocally , pathogens have evolved effector strategies to antagonize the inflammasome pathway .
Mucosal human defensins 5 and 6 antagonize the anti-HIV activity of candidate polyanion microbicides .
The secondary metabolites pyrrolnitrin and phenazines antagonize phytopathogenic fungi .
Antihypertensive medications that antagonize the sympathetic nervous system may reduce perihematomal edema after ICH .
Experiments on animals demonstrated that vitamin B12 supplemented diets antagonize selected teratogens during palatogenesis .
Mitochondrial uncoupling agents antagonize rotenone actions in rat substantia nigra dopamine neurons .
SAB could antagonize the CCl4 , induced liver fibrosis in rats .
Some of them were reported to antagonize oxidative stress and protect plant cells .
SZ-1 may antagonize the PAF receptor and protect the brain from PAF induced damage .
Ga3+ was ineffective and did not antagonize the activation by Al3+ .
However , proteins appear to antagonize the E2 effect in part by binding E2 .
In contrast 3-APPh did not antagonize the inhibitory effect of morphine and noradrenaline .
Dimethylaminoadamantane did not antagonize catalepsy at all .
synMuv B proteins antagonize germline fate in the intestine and ensure C. elegans survival .
Bisphosphonates also antagonize osteoclastogenesis and promote the differentiation of osteoblasts .
These amidines antagonize 5-HT , but 5-HT did not alter [3H ] thymidine incorporation .
Interventions that antagonize or diminish these neuroendocrine changes apparently benefit patients with heart failure .
Three-dimensional soft collagen gels can antagonize but not completely abolish this effect .
These may either antagonize or potentiate the toxicity of acrylamide .
Several epiphytes are capable of synthesizing antibiotics with which they antagonize phytopathogenic bacteria .
These results support the hypotheses that ethosuximide can antagonize this effect of PTZ .
These results do not support a model in which FtsA monomers antagonize FtsZ polymers .
