Therefore , we anticipate less long-term arthrosis in the patients treated this way .
Surgeons are confronted with IR injury ( IRI ) more often than they anticipate .
We anticipate that this study may act as a benchmark for other trusts .
Individuals with TBI were slower to anticipate traffic hazards than age-matched uninjured controls .
Olfaction is an integral part of feeding providing predictive cues that anticipate ingestion .
The increase in INSL3 seemed therefore to anticipate the increase in testosterone .
Thus , one would anticipate an inverse relationship between circulating adiponectin and albuminuria .
How do prescribing doctors anticipate the effect of statins ?
US research facilities anticipate budget gloom .
Assessment of drivers ' ability to anticipate traffic hazards after traumatic brain injury .
Receiving optimal treatments allow them to anticipate equivalent outcome as in general population .
Three anticipate retirement within 1 year .
Early bronchoscopy may be necessary to anticipate complications and prevent permanent dysfunction .
It is important to anticipate complications and initiate monitoring procedures for early detection .
It allows to anticipate the pitfalls and to define specific strategies to be applied .
Pigeons still tended both to anticipate and to perseverate .
We hope and anticipate that the instrument will initiate further discussion/debate on this topic .
The best strategy is to anticipate and avoid this obstetrical emergency .
Proper preoperative education makes patients more optimistic , and they anticipate fewer problems .
Improved design of a restoration can anticipate failure and offer alterations to existing appliances .
Nurses can help families anticipate expenses and prioritize referrals to community agencies .
The philosophy of psychiatry may anticipate or follow empirical research .
Explicit measures that anticipate and reduce violent behavior are reviewed .
The perceptive physician can anticipate and prevent eclampsia .
Problems to anticipate in treating difficult patients in a long-term psychiatric hospital .
What to anticipate from pulse pressure amplification .
Based upon two complementary strategies , we anticipate fusing them for further IMT improvements .
Pretreatment assay of XPD Lys751Gln may help to anticipate cardiotoxicity in those at risk .
Parents can be informed to anticipate a small depression on the neonate 's chest .
Careful preoperative assessment is essential to anticipate potential serious problems during the procedure .
