Breast feeding does not appear to increase the risk of postpartum relapses .
Filled-pause words therefore appear to be listener-oriented features of speech .
Cesarean section does not appear to reduce the risk .
Discrepancies appear in studies comparing fat oxidation between men and women .
Border noise can appear along the page border due to scanning or photocopying .
Under normal conditions , most cells appear to die by apoptosis during ICD .
Post-surgical symptoms of vestibular dysfunction may appear , but are mostly transient .
The virus does not appear to replicate , and the infection may become latent .
Studies investigating reasons for this are limited but causes appear to be multifactorial .
OTs are rare neoplasms and appear to show geographic variations .
Conventional dipstick is also predictive but does not appear to be as sensitive .
Multiple explanatory models are simultaneously held and appear to be complementary .
Evaluations of the pandemic response are beginning to appear in the public domain .
In contrast , substitution p.Thr196Ala does not appear to alter HNF-1alpha function .
HFI tended to appear at a younger age in the present population .
More often hallucinations appear after acute visual impairment and in older patients .
Generally speaking , these cytokines appear very early in evolution and conserve their functions .
A cataract can appear after a contusion but usually years after the trauma .
All letters will be reviewed and , if approved , appear on the website .
These difficulties do not only appear in court , but also in dental surgeries .
Pharmacodynamics not likely to appear in antimicrobial labeling soon .
Outcomes at the HCW clinic appear better compared to the general HIV clinic .
Compared with locals , foreigners appear to have a higher risk for committing homicide .
These enzymes appear to be differentially expressed , depending on culture conditions .
Bone undergoes physiological resorption to which the dental tissues appear to be resistant .
Canarium album has yielded seven triterpenes of which two appear to be novel .
There are two classes of physical motion contexts in which objects may appear .
These are the times during which surges of PRL appear in mated rats .
The mechanism by which these cells appear in culture has yet to be elucidated .
This interrupts action potential firing so that action potentials appear in bursts .
