Costunolide could reduce the viability and arrest cell cycling at mitosis in hepatoma cells .
This provides a rationale for antiviral therapy to arrest progression of liver disease .
Platelet activation is crucial for normal hemostasis to arrest bleeding following vascular injury .
Cardiopulmonary arrest in spinal anesthesia .
Portal venous gas and cardiopulmonary arrest during pneumatic reduction of an ileocolic intussusception .
Transcription arrest by a G quadruplex forming-trinucleotide repeat sequence from the human c-myb gene .
Compound 5a was found to arrest T47D cells in G2/M and induced apoptosis .
Mitochondrial inhibitors which affected germination on acetate did not arrest germination on glucose .
Chlorbutol 0.5 % appeared to arrest ciliary motion in both tissues within 5 minutes .
Dynamical arrest transition in nanoparticle dispersions with short-range interactions .
Consequently , these embryos arrest development with very few and abnormal nuclei .
In the other two , THF did not arrest the patients ' demise .
Topical application of silver diamine fluoride may arrest dental caries .
Management of postcardiac arrest myocardial dysfunction .
The dispersion effects arrest the collapse of density but not of the magnetic field .
They are extensively used for initiating labour and to arrest intractable atonic postpartum haemorrhage .
Chemotherapeutic agents to slow or arrest periodontitis .
These Guidelines apply to products used to slow or arrest periodontitis .
Embolotherapy offers a safe means to diagnose and arrest hemorrhage after renal injury .
Hemiepiphyseal arrest in a porcine model .
Case 2 : Cardiopulmonary arrest during gymnastics practice in a teenage girl .
Activation of ARF can arrest growth and cell cycle progression , or trigger apoptosis .
Histone deacetylase inhibitors arrest the growth of neuroblastoma cells and induce differentiation .
Anti-angiogenesis may arrest the tumor growth and keep check on cancer metastasis .
Mad2 accumulates at kinetochores , and cells arrest with an activated spindle-assembly checkpoint .
Trichinella spiralis infected skeletal muscle cells arrest in G2/M and cease muscle gene expression .
Cells overexpressing NDC1 arrest with monopolar spindles and exhibit increase-in-ploidy phenotypes .
