Intraoperative frozen sections were also used to ascertain clear surgical margins .
Twenty-one EU cases were studied using a questionnaire to ascertain injecting behavior details .
These assays are laborious requiring whole animal sectioning to ascertain tissue localization .
To ascertain true morphology and interpret the radiographic images three-dimensionally multiple views are required .
It is of paramount importance to ascertain and meet the needs of survivors themselves .
To ascertain anti-influenza vaccination coverage and factors associated with anti-influenza vaccination among Spanish children .
Each parent was then interviewed separately to ascertain their experiences of using the diary .
Little work has been done to ascertain patient adherence levels to these recommendations .
A sampling scheme was used to ascertain cases in the out-of-hospital setting .
Prostate-specific antigen to ascertain reliability of self-reported coital exposure to semen .
We therefore must correctly ascertain any existence of either vertebral or hip fractures .
We ascertain the information preferences of men with a family history of prostate cancer .
Different electrophysiologic tests were developed to ascertain or detect endolymphatic hydrops ( ELH ) .
Inability to incorporate historic performance or ascertain facility process traits that influence CPMs .
To ascertain and compare psychological morbidity following first- and second-trimester termination for fetal anomaly .
The procedure described in this paper can be used to ascertain such accuracy .
Low-dose effects are more difficult to ascertain than high-dose effects .
This expression can be difficult to ascertain in widespread metastases .
Therefore , we could not ascertain CTC circadian-rhythm in hospitalized metastasic breast cancer patients .
We ascertain whether a less intensive algorithm could be adopted while retaining diagnostic efficacy .
These findings ascertain that psychopathology and suicidal behaviours are strongly related to PIU .
Validation of de-identified record linkage to ascertain hospital admissions in a cohort study .
In addition , we ascertain the human costs associated with these policies .
Two blinded physicians will ascertain ADE status through a case review .
Physicians should ascertain their patients ' levels of uncertainty and adjust their input accordingly .
physicians should ascertain their patients ' levels of uncertainty and adjust their input accordingly .
Nurses should ascertain possible inherited risk and monitor patients for additional primary skin cancers .
