HPLC was used to assay the serum and urinary concentrations of antofloxacin .
A wide variety of substrates have been developed to assay its activity .
A number of substrates were subjected to assay the enzyme activity of CrG10H .
A multiplex one-step real-time RT-PCR assay for influenza surveillance .
Impact of HPV assay on observed population prevalence .
Development and validation of a higher-throughput equilibrium dialysis assay for plasma protein binding .
The transformants were co-cultured to assay antifungal activities with Rhizoctonia solani .
ELISA was performed to assay levels of serum S100B before being sacrificed .
This was used to assay mosquitoes from sites in lower Moshi , Tanzania .
Moxifloxacin concentrations were determined by high performance liquid chromatography assay with fluorescence detection .
Moxifloxacin concentrations were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography assay with fluorescence detection .
Enhanced-latex-agglutination assay for C-reactive protein in serum , with use of a centrifugal analyzer .
Fluorescence-based methods to assay inhibitors of lipopolysaccharide synthesis .
Von Willebrand factor assay proficiency testing .
A new method to assay des-gamma-carboxyprothrombin .
Percentage of patients with culture and cytotoxin assay positive for C. difficile .
High-level expression , one-step purification of soluble Ad5-knob protein and its activity assay .
Ultrastructural nuclear import assay .
Cortical tissue was also used to assay the ATP levels and glutamate uptake .
Both methods have been used to assay clinical samples and provided satisfactory results .
Chronocoulometry was employed to assay surface populations and obtain thermodynamics for C12VC6VC12 binding .
Enrofloxacin assay validation and pharmacokinetics following a single oral dose in chickens .
Human chorionic gonadotropin assay sensitivity on screening for ectopic pregnancy .
Significance of urine assay sensitivity in marijuana detection .
To assay mdr modulators with higher power and better tolerated .
Fospropofol assay issues and impact on pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic evaluation .
The method is quick and one operator could assay 50 blood specimens per day .
Fospropofol assay issues and impact on pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic evaluation .
