A visual analog scale ( VAS ) was used to assess overall perceived health .
Postoperative photographs were analysed to assess hump reduction outcomes .
Resections were performed using the fluorescent light to assess the right plane of dissection .
To assess the spectrum of lesions in the sinonasal region diagnosed on FNAC .
Using data from Multidimensional Pain Inventory subscales to assess functioning in pain rehabilitation .
LVV are helpful to assess PD in patients with aLM .
The PHQ-8 indicator is the most sensitive and specific and can assess depression severity .
It may also be used to assess discomfort and modify designs inside moving vehicles .
To assess currently available evidence on adrenal incidentaloma and provide recommendations for clinical practice .
We did not assess acuity of illness or global measures of satisfaction .
Our objective was to generate developmentally appropriate observable behaviors that assess competencies .
To assess HBO in patients poisoned with CO .
A randomised controlled trial to assess pain with urethral swabs .
Unreliability of online survey methods to assess population preferences in contraceptive practices .
Measurement of serum cotinine level to assess secondhand smoke exposure among nonsmokers .
Create and assess protein networks through molecular characteristics of individual proteins .
To assess compliance levels with oral nutritional supplementation and determine methods to improve compliance .
To translate the BSES-SF into Polish and assess its psychometric properties among breastfeeding mothers .
We have used an articular based approach to assess and manage Kienbock disease .
Long-term follow-ups are required to re assess and consider definitive procedure in failed cases .
To assess and compare prescribing error-identification rates by health professional students .
A phone interview was performed in July 2010 to assess for treatment efficacy .
A phone interview was performed in July 2010 to assess for treatment complications .
The degree of villous atrophy in celiac disease is difficult to assess at endoscopy .
Quantitative waveform measures assess the electrophysiologic status of the fibrillating heart and predict outcome .
Tool to assess the quality of consultation and referral request letters in family medicine .
Each community must assess its own situation and consider the resources available .
We assess whether receiving treatment is associated with reduced all-cause and infectious childhood mortality .
To assess whether testing children for tobacco-smoke exposure is acceptable to parents .
Experimental approaches to assess metallotoxicity and ageing in models of Alzheimer 's disease .
