A novel two-step bonding method was created to assemble the complete PMMA microchip .
Biosynthesis of vitamin B2 : a unique way to assemble a xylene ring .
Mitochondria can recognize and assemble fragments of a beta-barrel structure .
Retroviruses are enveloped viruses that assemble on the inner leaflet of cellular membranes .
NPCs assemble twice during the cell cycle in metazoans : postmitosis and during interphase .
The proteins assemble into cationic channels , often with calcium permeability .
These can be designed to further assemble into geometrically well-defined nanotubes .
All but P2X6 are able to assemble as homotrimers .
Further , gel filtration analysis showed that 8Salpha was able to assemble into trimers .
Attempts to assemble a universal NMR database without synthesis of NMR database compounds .
ASSIM-8080 will assemble , with error checking and error diagnostics , an assembly-language program .
Gene synthesis attempts to assemble user-defined DNA sequences with base-level precision .
Anisotropic particles assemble to spontaneously form columnar arrays .
Physicians assemble : integrating small groups to preserve independent practice .
TRPV4 , TRPC1 , and TRPP2 assemble to form a flow-sensitive heteromeric channel .
From quantum motifs to assemble nanoaggregates : the preparation of organo-molybdenum hybrid nanostructures .
We find that the two proteins assemble similar active sites for their common substrates .
Chelate oxorhenium to assemble new integrin antagonists .
Several proteins assemble on the RNA LE and direct transport to the vegetal cortex .
Maize meiotic spindles assemble around chromatin and do not require paired chromosomes .
This article is concerned with how and why publics assemble around waste management issues .
It is suggested that individual synapses assemble piecemeal , element by element .
This self-assembly approach also can assemble particles with tunable compositions into layered films .
Such computer-controlled methods assemble 3D objects by layer-wise deposition or layer-wise cross-linking of materials .
Until recently , it has been difficult to assemble and interpret this data .
The resulting proteasomes appear normal but assemble inefficiently , facilitating identification of assembly intermediates .
It is also very easy to assemble and disassemble the working electrode when needed .
C5-deficient ( C5D ) mice can neither generate C5a nor assemble C5b-9 .
PCR was used to assemble fragments and map equivalent regions .
Mutant cells were unable to assemble new cilia or to maintain preexisting cilia .
