Novel biomarkers are urgently needed to assist in managing these diseases .
The traditional technique of locating surface landmarks was used to assist in vascular access .
Our screening instruments are available to assist in that process .
Single-center experience with treatment of cardiogenic shock in children by pediatric ventricular assist devices .
This study provides evidence to assist mentors who counsel such candidates .
Strength of recommendations was provided to assist the application of these recommendations .
Analysis of micro- and macrolinguistic abilities of discourse may assist in diagnosing AD .
These findings will assist in formulating microbiological media useful for enniatin research .
These results may assist in counselling patients regarding the increased risk of surgery .
Significant technological advances have occurred in mechanical assist devices over the past decade .
Measures to assist coroners in fulfilling this role are proposed .
STFM and CAFM create task force to assist residencies in measuring residency competency .
We present our nearly 20-year experience with pediatric ventricular assist devices .
Multimedia patient education to assist the informed consent process for knee arthroscopy .
Human rights approaches may assist the prevention of work-related morbidity .
50 patients received paracorporeal assist devices in biventricular configuration .
First experiences with the HeartWare ventricular assist system in children .
Off-pump implantation of the HeartWare HVAD left ventricular assist device through minimally invasive incisions .
Vibrational frequencies match those in the experimental infrared spectrum and assist in their assignment .
Our predictions can guide searches and assist in both astronomical and laboratory detection .
TFIIB partially closes the polymerase cleft to position DNA and assist in its opening .
They also assist in protein translocation and participate in stress functions .
Management of secretion viscosity may assist in secretion removal and delay VAP development .
Infection is defined clinically , but wound cultures assist in identification of causative pathogens .
Proportional assist ventilation and neurally adjusted ventilatory assist .
Pulmonary embolism in a patient with a biventricular assist device--imaging with multislice computed tomography .
Such can assist nursing students to gain greater positive experiences in their profession .
To assist new deans and those aspiring to be deans , Jana L .
Robotic surgery is unlikely to create a cure , but may assist surgery .
To assist new deans and those aspiring to be deans , Jana L .
