Addresses were geocoded and used to assign air pollution exposures from spatiotemporal statistical models .
The estimated parameters are used to assign a spectrum-specific P-value to each peptide-spectrum match .
Randomised trials use the play of chance to assign participants to comparison groups .
Both non-hierarchical and hierarchical approaches were used to assign causes of stillbirths .
The online typing-tools reliably assign genotypes for enteroviruses and noroviruses .
Using NMR spectroscopic methods to determine enantiomeric purity and assign absolute stereochemistry .
We noticed that Drosophila do not assign nutritional values to all sweet chemicals .
Global gene disruption in human cells to assign genes to phenotypes by deep sequencing .
Our analysis does not assign probabilities to scenarios or weights to models .
Tentatively we assign the short and long-lifetime components to Trp-333 and Trp-308 .
We also assign the locus for phosphoglycollate to the short arm of HC16 .
Hybrid H-2 histocompatibility gene products assign domains recognized by alloreactive T cells .
A committee reviewed output to assign index weights and determine necessary adaptations .
Establish a detailed project plan and assign tasks , responsibilities , and deadlines .
The trial statistician will generate the random allocation sequence and assign clusters .
We are aware of moods unconsciously and can assign colors to these moods .
A rule-based score is used to merge and assign support to the results .
Others dispute this and assign the functions of endothelial cells to the SLC .
Humans define the MeSH concepts and human indexers assign MeSH terms to MEDLINE records .
The energy parameters were optimized to correctly assign as many native complexes as possible .
What is the best way to appropriately assign per diem nursing personnel ?
Some forms of vasculitis are still difficult to assign to a specific disease entity .
Five categories of appraisal were generated , and independent raters could assign these reliably .
Hospital medical bylaws were revised and nurses now assign patient charges and transfers .
We assign the species responsible for this absorption and fluorescence as NADPH .
We then consider how males on sub-Arctic foraging grounds assign to these strata .
In this way we could directly assign CRYB3 to chromosome 22 .
All of these characters assign isolate YIM 80379T consistently to the genus Nocardiopsis .
