A calibration method was used to assure the proper work of the device .
Sensitivity analysis was carried out to assure the accuracy of the predicted results .
Results show that the two schools use different approaches to assure assessment quality .
It is challenging to better assure food safety in informal markets .
This therapy is able to assure virus-free stage in 20-50 percent of patients .
In addition , autoclave hydrolysis is used to assure sample dissolution for spectrophotometric measurements .
Recent and/or ongoing studies assure new perspectives to come .
The combinatorial nature may assure common occurrence of nascent chain-mediated regulation .
Reflections and proposals to assure quality in molecular diagnostics .
Chloramphenicol serum concentration is often monitored to assure efficacy and prevent toxicity .
Local anesthesia lowered the shock risk and assure the safe and precise maneuvers .
The clinical priorities are to assure hemodynamic stability and to correct coagulation abnormalities .
Few crucial links assure checkpoint efficiency in the yeast cell-cycle network .
Use of information to assure quality psychological programming in the 1980s .
These properties assure good functional and cosmetic results in reconstructive surgery after burns .
These data assure that efficiency of combined operation is higher than a traditional one .
Prospective randomized trials assure that groups are comparable except for the intervention used .
Workers should assure that sessions are confidential .
Certification programs assure ARV quality but can delay uptake of new formulations .
Only a Canadian-style single-payer reform can assure universal coverage and simultaneously contain costs .
Careful dissection will assure preservation of the nerve and prevent sensory or motor loss .
Palliative thoracic surgical interventions aim to assure or to improve quality of life .
Day-time activities structure the day and assure additional professional presence in the unit .
The implementation of back-up schemes assure against data losses .
