Social psychologists assume that their technical terms are more precise than ordinary language terms .
Most microdosimetry applications assume that the cell nucleus is the target region .
We assume that the nodes in each network are randomly connected .
Compared with models which assume linear relationships , GAMLSS provided a better fit .
However , these concepts usually assume a planar loading and motion .
Conventional triage algorithms assume unlimited medical resource availability .
Patients sometimes inflict injury on themselves in order to assume a sick role .
These different aims require statistical methods that assume different characteristics of the underlying patterns .
We therefore present a generalized formula for CI that does not assume HWE .
Studies of breast cancer should not assume commonality with respect to grade .
Astrocytes assume multiple roles in maintaining an optimally suited milieu for neuronal function .
As in the previous work , we assume an infinite-alleles model .
To date , most metacommunity models implicitly assume that evolution can be ignored .
One can assume that the growth of the b.c.c .
From the available evidences we can assume that Sodhala might be belongs to 1200 A.D.
Many USPs assume important biological roles and emerge as potential targets for therapeutic intervention .
We first assume CP conservation and subsequently allow for CP violation .
Nor should we assume recommendations and published protocols are well-designed .
Monoclonal antibodies have begun to assume a significant role in clinical research .
Bronchoscopic photographs show the adenoma to assume different intrabronchial positions during inspiration and expiration .
Biomacromolecules tend to assume numerous structures in solution or the gas phase .
The resulting data representations are typically high-dimensional and assume diverse forms .
Overall , marsupials inhabit a variety of niches and assume many different lifestyles .
These dominant models neither mandate preoperative patient contact nor assume co-practitioner collegiality .
Management service organizations : effective strategy to assume and manage full risk agreements ?
It now has them , and we should assume that it will use them .
Like other communicating junctions , lens junctions assume crystalline arrays and uncouple with Ca++ .
We assume no index variation along the axis and also consider only monochromatic aberrations .
