Successful mitosis requires that kinetochores stably attach to the plus ends of spindle microtubules .
Immediately after hatching , early brachiolariae attach by the arms .
The ability of macrophages to attach to a surface was not affected by exposure .
This indicated MG63 cells attach mostly via fibronectin specific integrins .
Bacteria attach to their appropriate environmental niche by using adhesins .
MID764-913 functions as an adhesin and promotes the bacteria to attach to epithelial cells .
Socially anxious children tend to attach great importance to others ' evaluations of them .
It is a common practice to attach multiple patch tests at the same time .
Experiments have been initiated to attach 67Cu to monoclonal antibodies for immunotherapy applications .
The virus can attach to and enter resting B cells .
They did attach to and migrate in hydrated 3-D collagen lattices .
Additional fibers attach to the ischiopubic rami and constitute a compressor of the urethra .
Both attach to bovine cells but vary in their invasiveness .
Invariably , the microconjugants attach to and penetrate the lateral side of the macroconjugants .
They may insert into the shoe or attach to the shoe .
Acrylic cements are commonly used to attach prosthetic components in joint replacement surgery .
All DD-IM exhibited similar abilities to attach complement-coated SRBC .
[Why is it necessary to attach Latin names for Chinese medicinal herbs ? ] .
CLASPs attach microtubule plus ends to the cell cortex through a complex with LL5beta .
But HTA and health authorities attach different importance to quality of life .
It reminds us to attach importance to the immunosuppressive diseases after long-term hormone treatment .
Chondrocytes were observed to attach and proliferate on the MBCP scaffold .
hRPCs were more difficult to attach and had only short dendrites .
Hemocytes of G. mellonella showed a high ability to attach and encapsulate fungal structures .
Primary human osteoblasts attach , spread and proliferate well on both types of coatings .
Cells attach and proliferate on the outer surface of the fibers .
Cells attach and grow on planed root surfaces .
Cells incubated on these filters attach to those proteins that have adhesive properties .
Cells that attach show micronuclear migration while unattached cells do not .
We observe HUVEC to attach , spread , and lose circularity on all surfaces .
