Practically , presenting posters can help justify funding to attend a meeting .
The key cardiac surgeon was invited to attend quality improvement activities .
However , women in regional/remote areas were less likely to attend specialist obstetric hospitals .
Twelve per cent of patients did not attend the requested visit .
Patients did not attend these sessions .
The majority of patients who attend ED with minor injury have not taken analgesia .
Vet suspended for failing to attend out of hours .
Participants were cued to attend selectively to one of two simultaneously presented narrative stories .
Patients referred electronically were much more likely to attend for their appointment .
Efforts to reduce racial differences in hospice use should attend to individual-level factors .
Results suggest that FAP patients preferentially attend to pain stimuli in conscious awareness .
Can we attend to multiple distinct spatial locations at the same time ?
Why adolescents do not attend school .
All patients had to attend the first questionnaire before surgery .
An additional 900 people are scheduled to attend this program in the future .
There were 34 referred patients , who declined or did not attend the assessment .
Cluster 4 patients tended to attend a day-care center and to be exclusively breast-fed .
Some preferred to attend nearby emergency departments or call 999 .
Subtypes of smokers who attend psychological treatment in order to stop smoking .
In both groups , equal numbers of patients did not attend sessions after allocation .
It is most important that they attend each patient at their bedside .
The patient did not attend postoperative appointments and was lost to follow-up .
Parents did not attend educational sessions but received written materials .
The boys attend a private school and she has returned to nursing school .
To attend or not to attend to unwelcome reanalyses ? A reply to Pinker .
Participants were required to attend to the center target and identify its color .
One can feel and attend to such intentions , be they causal or not .
Psychological and physical activity training for older persons : who does not attend ?
Their mentality is characteristic of school refusal itself while they attend school almost everyday .
Failure to attend .
