Therapeutic options to attenuate excessive mucus expression are sparse .
We investigated whether premedication with gabapentin would prevent or attenuate this increase .
TIS11b and SIK may combine to attenuate StAR expression when hormonal stimuli decline .
EPS-producing probiotic bacteria significantly attenuate oxidative stress in experimental colitis .
Dexamethasone and N-acetyl-cysteine attenuate Pseudomonas aeruginosa-induced mucus expression in human airways .
Early proteins E6 and E7 of human papillomavirus may attenuate ischemia-reperfusion injury .
gammadelta T cells attenuate bleomycin - induced fibrosis through the production of CXCL10 .
Nanoparticles attenuate P-glycoprotein / MDR1 function in A549 human alveolar epithelial cells .
Erythropoietin does not attenuate renal dysfunction or inflammation in a porcine model of endotoxemia .
MiR-133a may attenuate apoptosis of myocardiocytes by targeting CASP9 .
It is known to attenuate abstinence syndrome in animal models of drug addiction .
Four-day antithrombin therapy does not seem to attenuate hypercoagulability in patients suffering from sepsis .
We hypothesized that lack of PEMT would attenuate atherosclerosis and improve myocardial function .
Systemic glucocorticoid therapy may effectively attenuate lung inflammation but also induce severe side-effects .
This will attenuate nucleotide mediated pro-inflammatory effect and stimulate protective mechanisms of adenosine .
Insulin has been shown to attenuate hepatic damage and to improve liver function .
This tended to attenuate age groups differences and to exacerbate differences between deprivation groups .
Specific kinase inhibitors are promising therapeutic agents to slow or attenuate progressive renal fibrosis .
These improvements , in turn , attenuate myocardial fibrosis and preserve post-MI cardiac function .
These improvements , in turn , attenuate myocardial fibrosis and preserve post-MI cardiac function .
Both intravenous and inhaled lidocaine attenuate reflex bronchoconstriction but at different plasma concentrations .
They can attenuate or enhance the intensity of disease symptoms .
Pharmacological experiments show that neuroleptics attenuate or abolish the rewarding effect .
Pharmacological experiments show that neuroleptics attenuate or abolish the rewarding effect .
Persistent vasospasm of the digits is difficult to attenuate or reverse .
They can transduce zinc and redox signals and thereby attenuate or amplify these signals .
Growth factors and cytokines may act synergistically to attenuate or boost chondrocyte responses .
Flight helmets can be designed to distribute and attenuate crash forces to the head .
