Hence , there is often a need to augment SRI treatment with other drugs .
Y-40138 is known to suppress the pro-inflammatory cytokines and augment the anti-inflammatory cytokines .
Bone grafting techniques were not used to augment bone formation .
4872 augment preexisting waste , fraud , and abuse laws and regulations .
Integrin alphavbeta3 - targeted gold nanoshells augment tumor vasculature-specific imaging and therapy .
Interpersonal and emotional processing techniques may not augment CBT for all GAD participants .
Wider dissemination could augment efforts by schools , clinicians , and health educators .
Simvastatin application to augment facial jaw bone in a dog model : pilot study .
In addition , liberation of toxic iron from intracellular stores may augment radical formation .
SIS was used to augment the urethral caliber at the stricture site .
RO- and RS-RO-ORS did not significantly augment net electrolyte absorption compared with G-ORS .
TNF-beta failed to augment growth factor production by endothelial cells at any concentration tested .
Indomethacin augments the proliferation of alloantigen-activated cells but does not further augment suppression .
Educational materials were prepared to guide and augment the HCF diet instruction .
Methods to transiently impair Treg functions and augment NK cell alloreactivity will be discussed .
Some repairs augment strength , but increasing bulk mitigates against movement .
KEGG pathways were incorporated and links to external databases augment the information in GiSAO.db .
Intracellular organelle-dependent signaling occurs , and effector molecules then augment the receptor-initiated apoptosis process .
Supplementation of thyroid hormones is considered to augment and accelerate antidepressant treatment .
The proposed approach is complementary to , and may augment , existing LBD methods .
Therefore , additional effective therapy is required to augment and/or complement current therapy .
Physical therapy can augment strength through exercise and relieve contracture through passive stretching .
Echinacea purpurea and melatonin augment natural-killer cells in leukemic mice and prolong life span .
Thus , TIMP-2 could both augment and inhibit matrix degradation .
Medical malpractice litigation : does it augment or impede quality care ?
Melatonin or TRH did not augment or inhibit this nonspecific response .
Physicians need practical ways to maintain and augment clinical skills after residency training .
