The inter-trial interval was varied in 1,100-1,500 ms range to avoid expectancy effects .
To avoid distributional assumptions , the nonparametric bootstrap was applied .
These microcosms are designed to avoid block contact with agar or Petri dish walls .
Accurate diagnosis is crucial to avoid bladder injury during surgery and other complications .
Many older drivers self-restrict or avoid driving under high-risk conditions .
They help avoid unnecessary repeat biopsy in men with increased prostate specific antigen .
Comprehensive review of TIPS technical complications and how to avoid them .
Patients with OSAS if not effectively treated should avoid nighttime work .
Minimally invasive approaches in less-complex cardiac procedures can avoid unpleasant cosmetic results .
Genital repositioning is mandatory to avoid torsion and preserve ovarian function .
To avoid diagnostic errors and improve genetic counseling .
The platelets were concentrated , to avoid post-thaw washing , and frozen at -80degreesC .
Hybrid aortoiliac revascularization to avoid nonautogenous groin reconstruction in an intravenous drug abuser .
Guidelines should avoid too strict criteria , particularly in relation to age .
Bony anatomic landmarks to avoid injury to the marginal mandibular nerve .
Malodour can have a distressing effect and the affected person may avoid socialising .
Overall survival is excellent , and most patients avoid the morbidity of open debridement .
Artificial bones avoid these , but tailoring them to specific studies may be difficult .
Physicians may be unfamiliar with methods to avoid or limit this problem .
Using endoscopic balloon dilation , it may be possible to avoid or postpone surgery .
Preventive measures usually involve careful decompression procedures to avoid or reduce bubble formation .
Physicians may avoid code status discussions for fear of decreasing patient or surrogate satisfaction .
Research has shown that individuals in romantic relationships often avoid discussing past sexual experiences .
Drugs to avoid .
Early functional therapy is possible and can avoid limitations in postoperative shoulder function .
Women must be aware of and avoid these hazards in their clinical environment .
MFC-cascade stacks maximise COD reduction and avoid voltage reversal under adverse conditions .
Diagnostic categories to employ and to avoid in daily practice have furthermore been stressed .
Issues to avoid with " at will " employees .
[The tooth that moves : various pitfalls to avoid ] .
