Definitive recommendations regarding surgery and adjuvant therapies await additional reports and long-term follow-up .
More definitive conclusions on treatment effect await further well-conducted randomised controlled trials .
These , however , still await identification .
However , Somaliland continues to await international recognition .
There is no specific treatment , which must await further research into causes .
Preventive measures have to await the clarification of the mechanisms underlying neural degeneration .
However , there was not a linear dose-response and these findings await replication .
Ten patients had surgery , 12 had transcatheter ASD closure and six await treatment .
They await testing and validation and will be revised as more information becomes available .
Other findings in the three plants await clarification by analyses of exposure-response relationships .
Despite the promising characteristics of this drug , important issues await consideration .
In addition , gamma-secretase inhibitor strategies await clinical improvements in AD .
Demographers ponder the aging of the aged and await unprecedented looming elder boom .
Whether this pertains to etiopathogenesis is speculative and will await information not yet available .
Early findings are encouraging but await verification , refinement , and extension .
Obstetricians still await a deus ex machina .
Many challenges await .
Docs await CMS referral changes--whatever they are .
Despite this plethora of functions , many TOMMs await experimental interrogation .
We need to await full results from the RCTs before we can be certain .
The transbodies await further studies for in vivo role in inhibiting HCV replication .
Along this journey , many obstacles await the retrovirus particle and undermine its infectivity .
The remarkable squidworm is an example of discoveries that await in deep-pelagic habitats .
The advances achieved so far now await for clinical applications .
A great opportunity may await you as editor of Journal of Pediatric Health Care .
Multiple approaches have been developed but await confirmation regarding their effectiveness in future studies .
Who knows what ' unknown unknowns ' await us in 2010 and beyond .
