NHS director assures BME staff they will not bear brunt of cuts .
Flaws in financial risk assessments bear part of the blame for the financial collapse .
Changes in pulse pressure or energy-equivalent pressure bear no obvious relationship with microcirculatory parameters .
Gummy bear vitamins .
Slot machines were estimated to bear the highest risk .
The potential of cyclodecapeptides to bear phenoxyl radicals has been evaluated through three compounds .
In the case of a water birth complications bear serious consequences .
Polar bear population status in the northern Beaufort Sea , Canada , 1971-2006 .
This observation may bear beneficial prognostic effects on patients after AMI .
They bear histamine receptors , and in such fractions histamine induced suppressor cells .
The unstriated paramyosin muscles bear thin flanges and form compact interlocking rows .
The nucleoli bear no granules and demonstrate a segregation of the fibrillar material .
In this article , new evidence is brought to bear on this issue .
The osseous complications do not seem to bear on the prognoses for these patients .
Third , Big Data brings new analytic approaches to bear on these questions .
Nottingham grades of lobular carcinoma lack the prognostic implications they bear for ductal carcinoma .
These results bear upon predictions from multiple fundamental theories of visual cognition .
Our findings bear heavily on the relationship between GH / IGF1 and cancer .
The polycondensates bear up to four carboxylic groups per constitutive unit .
The patients were advised to bear full weight after six weeks .
Effective doses double the percentage of rats able to bear weight on their hindlimbs .
Caring for the sexually aggressive patient--you do n't have to blush and bear it .
The transitions are reversible and bear the phenotypic hallmarks of CRC morphogenesis .
These operons are transcribed in opposite directions and therefore bear diametrically oriented promoters .
Surgical techniques also bear likenesses in that both can theoretically be done percutaneously .
Clade 1 was composed of Pythium isolates that bear filamentous to lobulate sporangia .
When either bear moved into an adjacent zone , 1 typically moved away .
MiRNAs bear an increasing number of functions throughout development and in the aging adult .
During treatment , the patients could bear full weight and tolerated the fixators well .
