Common ' themes ' in epidemiology related to cancer risk beg a comprehensive mechanistic explanation .
In each pair , a nestling was forced to beg for about 30 s h ( -1 ) , whereas the other begged for only 2 s , both nestlings receiving the same quantity of food .
Nestlings forced to beg for longer showed a reduction in growth rate and in immunocompetence when compared to control chicks .
Strategic planning for its exploration has been predicated on an extreme model in which the expected oceanic biosphere lies under a thick ice crust , buried too deep to be reached in the foreseeable future , which would beg the question of whether other active satellites might be more realistic objectives .
Associations of reduced sleep with poorer school performance beg the question of how prelearning and posttraining sleep affect the learning process .
Two sentence-comprehension time experiments replicated and extended previously reported research indicating that readers initially make a quick , heuristic assignment of fillers to gaps in temporarily ambiguous sentences such as " Who did John beg to sing ? " and " Who did John beg to sing for ? " The Most Recent Filler heuristic readers seemed to adopt made the former " distant filler " sentence harder to comprehend than the latter " recent filler " sentence .
Barn swallow chicks beg more loudly when broodmates are unrelated .
Rather than beg off the need to measure these teaching efforts , teachers in the humanities can embrace the demanding task of delineating how medicine changes when fortified by narrative competence and humanities-derived skills .
To beg , or not to beg ?
Although I agree with most of the content and the essence of Marge Berer 's excellent paper , I beg to differ with her on whether there is a need for a feminist population policy .
Although it has demonstrated efficacy in mild and moderate depression when compared with placebo or tricyclic antidepressants , several research areas beg to be explored .
Recent such data in animals of particular phylogenetic importance beg us to take another look at whether similarities in developmental and genetic mechanisms in current animals are the product of a common inheritance ( homology ) or convergent evolution ( analogy ) .
I beg to disagree with conclusions in both papers , for the underlying science is not as strong as it appears .
Mortality of 40 % to 86 % and good outcomes in only 13 % to 21 % of patients beg for treatment options for basilar occlusion .
Much as early observations of disease associations with HLA polymorphism preceded a detailed knowledge of HLA recognition by T cell receptors , the recently reported disease associations with HLA-KIR gene combinations beg for a better understanding of the underlying mechanisms .
They beg , steal , scavenge for food , and sell newspapers , cigarettes , and leis .
These two traits-bauplan fidelity and elaboration of design-are inter-connected and striking , and beg a number of questions , including : Are all jaws made in the same manner and if not how not ?
Children 's independent food-acquisition behaviors have been rarely studied outside of hunter-gatherer contexts , yet millions of children worldwide search , work , trade , or beg for food .
These findings have major implications for understanding the significance of functional metagenomic data in experimental studies and beg the question ; what is being measured in animal experiments in which different strains are housed separately , nature or nurture ?
These studies provide important insights into the pathogenesis of SLE and beg urgent questions about the development and use of immunosuppressive therapies in AGS and related phenotypes .
Ongoing cohort studies of recent onset RA may aid in our understanding of RA prognosis , but may still beg the question , what is RA ?
Despite the null and negative cognitive findings , the numerous studies showing positive effects beg the question of what factors determine whether HT acts as a neuroprotectant or a risk factor for brain functioning .
In the area of routing and sorting of dendritic traffic , the current phenomenological data beg questions about the cellular mechanisms utilized not only to transport material but also to modulate activity in a process , even apoptosis .
In contrast , variability and attenuated findings with respect to symptom profiles beg the question of biological mechanisms with some degree of specificity .
Current theory proposes that nestlings beg to signal hunger level to parents honestly , or that siblings compete by escalating begging to attract the attention of parents .
Although coronary artery bypass graft ( CABG ) surgery has been the mainstay of treatment , the steady pace of improvement in percutaneous coronary intervention ( PCI ) continues to beg the question as to whether PCI can perform as well as CABG for these patients .
Recent significant improvements of the numerical solutions of the time-dependent Schrodinger equation beg the question as to whether these recent methods are comparable in efficacy ( in terms of accuracy and computational time ) to the current " method of choice , " i.e. , the Chebyshev expansion of the time-evolution operator and the fast-Fourier-transform method of determining the kinetic energy .
In some species , dependent offspring join foraging providers and beg for food .
It will not take long for traditional health services research groups to beg , borrow , or steal the expertise that we now possess .
The type of gesture was also recorded as either a food beg or whole hand point .
