We believe this optimizes the chance for good long-term functional results .
We believe that NAC reconstruction is an important and integral part of breast reconstruction .
Some believe that the light provides additional whitening .
The authors believe this revision will lower the incidence of WSS further .
They believe availability is high .
Three quarters of US citizens believe the health system needs major changes .
However , contrary to prior research , faculty did believe genomics was valuable .
In conclusion they believe metastasectomy is a safe treatment of pulmonary metastases .
It 's what you believe that counts .
Study findings provide insights into why nurses believe RRTs achieve their intended purpose .
We believe the job market remains strong , with regional and specialty shifting .
In such cases we believe the benefits of cyclophosphamide therapy outweight the known risks .
What happens if I am dismissed and I believe it is unfair ?
A better way to know what patients believe and value about health .
We believe both contributed to his condition .
We report here what we believe to be the first documented case in Singapore .
They identify those missions which they believe are highly important but only partially addressed .
We highlight key features that we believe are essential for successful curricular change .
1. The renal circulatory instability that some believe is inherent in rabbits was studied .
We present the computed tomographic findings that we believe have not been described previously .
In this commentary we address two issues that we believe the paper raises .
We believe the magnitude of these torques and accelerations predispose the back to injury .
The value of autopsy , believe it or not .
The value of autopsy , believe it or not .
Do you believe the evidence ?
Diet and dyspepsia : to believe patients or studies ?
Looking at the acinus with function tests : can you believe it ?
To believe or not to believe .
Susceptibility to AIDS : what college students do and do n't believe .
To believe or not to believe .
