Localized gingival growths : do they belong to the common spectrum called frog ?
Cell phones are everywhere , but do they belong in the OR ?
Neither isolates belong to C. orthopsilosis nor C. metapsilosis .
All were found to belong to P. nordicum .
The protein was confirmed to belong to serine protease .
The sulfamethoxazole - resistant isolates were found to belong to 25 genera .
Most known phytoplasma vectors belong to the Cicadellidae , but many are still unknown .
All antibodies belong to the IgG class and bind to staphylococcus protein A .
AKA belong predominantly to the IgG class and are complement fixing .
Sauriols A and B belong to a class of diarylbutane-lignans and exhibit antifeedant activity .
Uveitis are isolated or belong to manifestations of a systemic disease .
The monoclinic crystals diffracted to 3.0 A resolution and belong to space group C2 .
Where do my emotions belong ? A study of immigrants ' emotional acculturation .
Do they really belong ?
JS614 TOPRIM inteins belong to based on catalytic mechanism .
The families to which the subfamilies belong are documented .
The cysticerci are discussed as to the species to which they belong .
[Obstetrical anesthesia--to which group of anesthesiologists do you belong ? ] .
[The notification obligation. Violations do n't belong in lex Maria ] .
According to the molecular analysis , all strains belong to the species S. cerevisiae .
Based on their chromatographic properties , these polar glycolipids belong to the lipooligosaccharide family .
To the synucleinopathies belong PD , Lewy body dementia and multiple system atrophy .
To the molar pregnancies belong complete , partial , invasive and metastatic hydatidiform mole .
To them belong catharsis , containment , reflection , regulation and integration .
We verified by phylogenetic analyses that these strains belong to N. tetrasperma .
Rabies is a zoonosis of which the archaeological agents belong to the Lyssavirus species .
T-1-family conotoxins belong to the T-superfamily and are composed of 10-17 amino acids .
These types belong to the non-scarring epidermolyses and show ultrastructurally junctional blistering .
Compounds 1-5 are 6,7-seco-ent-kaurane-7,20-olide diterpenoids , and 6-12 belong to 7,20-epoxy-ent-kauranoids .
