Thus , high-risk patients may benefit from chemotherapy .
Can older " at risk " adults benefit from psychoeducation targeting healthy brain aging ?
Interventions for worried children may benefit from a focus on increasing positive problem-solving beliefs .
Can we identify those patients who will benefit from prostate-sparing surgery ?
Is biomedical information too complex to benefit from simple interlinked representations ?
EEG-fMRI results tend to benefit from higher field scanners ( 3T over 1.5T ) .
Culture-friendly education and coping resources might benefit this minority group .
How not to evaluate whether psychosocial interventions benefit patients .
Implementation of such a system would benefit patients , caregivers , and society .
Clinical Decision Support Systems aim to benefit the clinical decision making process .
Division of labor has been claimed to benefit fitness .
They stimulate insulin secretion through distinct mechanisms and may benefit patients from different aspects .
Patients might also benefit from specifically trained health professionals but strong studies are lacking .
These women benefit considerably from minimal invasive surgery and have little perioperative complications .
Some patients benefit from the placebos , but their use raises ethical questions .
The expanded mutation database should benefit patients in the diagnosis and treatment of 11beta-OHD .
Macrophages expressing polyamines and BDNF may benefit axonal regeneration at 14 d .
Suggestions on which older adults might benefit from vestibular rehabilitation therapy are presented .
Patients with IBM have quadriceps weakness and will potentially benefit from SCO use .
Some psoriasis patients are gluten-sensitive and may benefit from a gluten free diet .
Patients with SP do poorly and do not routinely benefit from this approach .
Integrate margin management tactics with clinical delivery improvement plans to ensure that patients benefit .
The entire scientific community using genetically modified mice in experiments will benefit .
Less impaired patients may benefit more markedly .
VAD support may benefit select patients , but experience in CHD is limited .
Smoking cessation would benefit patients undergoing RCR and improve clinical outcomes .
Wise placebo use can benefit patients and strengthen the medical profession .
Bacteria associated with seaweeds can both harm and benefit their hosts .
Interventional modification of this index must parallel disease regression and benefit prognosis .
The arrangement usually functions to benefit the household and ensure its success .
