The ChIP assay revealed that p53 did not bind to the VEGF promoter .
The purified SERPINE2 protein could bind to epididymal sperm .
Hence , antiviral agents that bind to CXCR4 are expected to inhibit HIV-1 entry .
However , PT-262 did not directly bind to actin filaments .
The chemokine CCL5 and CCL19 are reported to bind to CCRL2 .
The VHHs were shown to exclusively bind to PKCepsilon in ELISA and immunoprecipitation studies .
Ion exchange resins have been reported to bind copper and zinc .
Similar to other Hfq proteins , Hfq2 is able to bind RNA .
It also was shown to bind proteins and compounds containing iron and nitric oxide .
Numerous peptides that bind cancer-associated antigens have been discovered by panning phage libraries .
P. includens plasmatocytes are also recognized by several monoclonal antibodies that bind unknown antigens .
Identification of plasma haptoglobin forms which loosely bind hemoglobin .
MiR-101 can directly bind to ATP5B 3 ' UTR and negatively regulate ATP5B expression .
The legs can also reversibly bind to products , but at a different rate .
The rhombuses bind to each other and form two dimensional tiles .
Antibodies were able to bind to the surface of the parasites and agglutinate them .
This DNA is antigenically active and can bind to lupus anti-DNA autoantibodies .
SRY was found to bind to the Tcf21 promoter and activate gene expression .
Both Lef1 isoforms bind DNA and regulate gene expression .
SOD2 can also bind iron in vivo , but is inactive with iron .
Puf proteins bind RNA sequence specifically and regulate translation and stability of target mRNAs .
Here , we investigated when T cells bind hyaluronan during an immune response .
Many siderophores can also bind copper in the presence of CAS .
Ezrin is a membrane-cytoskeleton linker protein that can bind F-actin in its active conformation .
Cells of both morphologies were able to incorporate DiI-ac-LDL and bind lectin in vitro .
Dectin-1 was required for immune blocking but did not bind chitin directly .
Class I and class II PurEs are mechanistically related but bind different substrates .
Reprogramming virus nanoparticles to bind metal ions upon activation with heat .
Calmodulin was found to bind eNOS after nicotine injection into NTS .
In contrast , CTproSP-C does not bind alpha-helical SP-C .
