Thus , we hypothesize that specific peptides can be designed to block this effect .
Inhibition of cellular DNA synthesis is a strategy to block cancer cell division .
The JNK inhibitor ( SP600125 ) was used to block the JNK pathway .
Parallel randomized trial with computer-generated block randomization and central allocation .
Small molecule inhibitors that selectively block dengue virus methyltransferase .
Selective antagonists for either receptor block sustained EPSC potentiation produced by 522-054 .
Ion channel inhibitors block caspase activation by mechanisms other than restoring intracellular potassium concentration .
Microbial production of polyhydroxyalkanoate block copolymer by recombinant Pseudomonas putida .
Planar block copolymer membranes by vesicle spreading .
In contrast , ADX61623 did not block estrogen production .
Phenylalkylamines block Kv1.3 channels by poorly understood mechanisms .
[Sub-tenon block for ocular globe anesthesia : a review ] .
HA oligomers can block this mechanism and are promising inhibitors of ovarian cancer dissemination .
Effects of composition , block length and block architecture .
DCC did not block , protonophores and arsenate blocked the operation of Trk system .
Ultralow-dose opioid antagonists prolong opioid antinociception and block tolerance .
Iontophoretically applied buspirone did not potentiate nor block the effects of iontophoretically applied GABA .
Prediction of Wenckebach behavior and block response in DDD pacemakers .
Prospective evaluation of laparoscopic celiac plexus block in patients with unresectable pancreatic adenocarcinoma .
Mitral isthmus block in a case of persistent left superior vena cava .
Atrioventricular block in an infant with an atrioventricular septal aneurysm .
Meta-analyses of ultrasound-guided versus traditional peripheral nerve block techniques--are we comparing apples and oranges ?
Patient perceptions of caring and association with emergency department activity and access block .
Anatomy and clinical implications of the ultrasound-guided subsartorial saphenous nerve block .
Ca2+ and L-cis-diltiazem block both conductances at comparable concentrations and with similar quantitative characteristics .
In summary , sunitinib could block signaling transduction and mediate degradation of IGF-1R .
Atropine did not block this effect , but given alone prolonged duration of anesthesia .
Spermine and other endogenous polyamines potentiate , block and permeate the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor channel .
Addendum to " How to block and tackle the face " .
The tobacco industry uses preemption to block or reverse tobacco control policies .
