Interestingly , supplementation seemed to blunt seasonality .
Pneumothorax and subcutaneous emphysema secondary to blunt chest injury .
A case of mitral papillary muscle rupture due to blunt chest trauma .
64-MDCT angiography of blunt vascular injuries of the neck .
Endovascular treatment of axillosubclavian arterial transection in patients with blunt traumatic injury .
Intraosseous injection of iodinated computed tomography contrast agent in an adult blunt trauma patient .
Clitoral epidermoid cyst secondary to blunt trauma in a 9-year-old child .
He sustained blunt chest trauma 5 months before admission .
Small bowel perforation resulting from blunt abdominal trauma : interval change of radiological characteristics .
Cardiac rupture is mainly caused by myocardial infarction or blunt chest trauma .
Shed membrane particles from preeclamptic women generate vascular wall inflammation and blunt vascular contractility .
Penetrating traumas accounted for 30.6 % and blunt traumas for 69.4 % .
Rapid assessment in the emergency department included evaluation for both blunt and penetrating injuries .
The nuclei were atypical , hyperchromatic , with blunt or round ends .
Proliferation as a result of blunt and sharp trauma shows differential responses .
Traumatic diaphragmatic hernias commonly occur after blunt and penetrating trauma .
Microvilli were often swollen and blunt .
The DeltaMaCnA mutant had aberrant , compact colonies and blunt , shortened hyphae .
Pattern and presentation of blunt chest trauma among different age groups .
Intracranial hemorrhage after blunt head trauma in children with bleeding disorders .
Foxo transcription factors blunt cardiac hypertrophy by inhibiting calcineurin signaling .
One patient had penetrating trauma and the other 29 had blunt trauma .
Management and outcome of patients with blunt splenic injury and preexisting liver cirrhosis .
Increased intracranial pressure alone may blunt the intellect and cause confusion and memory difficulties .
Patients with blunt and penetrating MTVIs were retrospectively reviewed .
Non-operative management of stable , non-pulsatile , retroperitoneal hematomas in blunt abdominal trauma .
Penetrating mechanism is more common than blunt .
The ornamentations are blunt , and at times , bent .
Hemodynamic patterns of blunt and penetrating injuries .
High sodium intake may blunt and low intake potentiate the hypocalciuric effect of metolazone .
