Mineral spirits contain benzene and other compounds that boil at temperatures below the cited boiling point range of 300 degrees to 415 degreesF .
Water rights and water fights : preventing and resolving conflicts before they boil over .
Healthcare at the center of long-simmering battles ; are they set to boil over ?
The disease followed such diverse initiating causes as self-injection with heroin , boil , ischiorectal abscess , perforated occult colonic cancer and trivial abrasions .
Bryophyllum pinnatum ( Lam. ) Oken ( Crassulaceae ) , popularly known in Brazil as " folha-da-fortuna " , is a plant species used in folk medicine for the external and internal treatment of inflammation , infection , wound , burn , boil , ulcers and gastritis , and several other diseases .
Due to their infrequent occurrence , these lesions are often misdiagnosed as cellulitis , leishmaniasis , furunculosis , staphylococcal boil , insect bite or sebaceous cyst - conditions with similar presentations .
Particle physics : did the Big Bang boil ?
The variations in the three models we analyzed all seem to boil down to the extent the individual physician trades independent decision-making for the benefits of the larger group structure .
A rapid-cure polymerization of cure , including a terminal boil , with respect to transparency , residual monomer , mechanical properties , and generation of gaseous porosity .
Differences in vitamin B12 results as measured with boil and no-boil kits .
Use of brass utensils to boil or store milk fed to ICC children was not seen in 46 % of cases , although their serum copper values were raised .
Failure to accurately measure the dose and to boil before consumption may have contributed to his clinical toxicities .
Petroleum middle distillates ( PMDs ) , a class of hydrocarbons which boil between 350-700 degrees F , are tumor promoters in mouse skin .
These compliance equations simply boil down to four integrals , thus simplifying the compliance calculation .
The failure to replicate the beneficial effects of tight glycaemic control may boil down to some less obvious defaults in the set-up of the trial despite a seemingly adequate study design .
At 6 hr p.i. , a boil appeared at the site of puncture which attained a diameter of 5.5 cm and 6.2 cm respectively within 3 days , and a thickness of 1.8 cm and 2.2 cm .
Subsequently , others have reported lesions with a similar appearance and clinical course , and now , in Japan , blood boil is used as a clinical term for such lesions .
The Bagdad boil deploys to the United States .
Retiree issues reaching boil on back burner .
Those who must reduce potassium uptake should boil small pieces before consuming them .
James Gillray 's cartoon Metallic Tractors , published in 1801 , portrays Benjamin Perkins treating a boil on the nose of an alcoholic John Bull with a pair of metallic tractors .
Generally , steaming and microwave steaming were preferred for certain vegetables , even by those who normally boil them .
The results of the study indicate that 97 % of the households report that they regularly boil their drinking water .
Older individuals , especially those with dementia , have a higher risk of aconite poisoning because they sometimes do not boil the medicine appropriately .
Immunocompromised persons should boil water for one minute to eliminate risk for acquiring the parasite .
The CDC also recommends that in settings with an outbreak of cryptosporidium , individuals boil water for one minute to kill the parasite or use a filter for tap water that is capable of removing particles less than one micron in diameter .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) presents research findings on cryptosporidiosis and tap water that suggest AIDS patients should either boil their water before drinking it or drink bottled water .
On spillage it creates liquid pools that can either boil or evaporate .
On spillage from containment it creates liquid pools that can either boil or evaporate .
To boil or not : drinking water for children in a periurban barrio .
