Changes in ultrastructure and properties of bracket slots after orthodontic treatment with bicuspid extraction .
Orthodontic adhesives versus anterior restorative materials for bracket bonding .
The two different types of bracket were bound separately on two typodont models .
The basic premise of preadjusted bracket system is accurate bracket positioning .
Modifications to bracket position such as inversion can also help achieve individual tooth movements .
Further comment on bracket positioning .
CAD / CAM lingual bracket systems .
Orthodontic bracket bonding : enamel bond strength vs time .
Fact or friction : the importance of working with a self-ligating bracket system .
No fracture of the bracket or damage to enamel was seen during debonding .
[Materials technology research on the problem of friction between bracket and arch ] .
Frictional forces between bracket and arch wire .
The abnormality was surgically treated by bracket excision before physeal closure .
Therefore a measuring apparatus was used to measure torque in relation to bracket angulation .
In vitro bracket bond strength to acid-etched or air-abraded enamel .
How to find your new tax bracket .
Metal slot ceramic bracket release significantly less nickel .
An easily removable ceramic bracket ?
Friction between different wire bracket combinations in artificial saliva--an in vitro evaluation .
A clinical comparison of bracket bond failures in association with direct and indirect bonding .
Six-month bracket survival with a self-etch adhesive .
An electronic flash bracket for the operating microscope .
Spectrophotometric evaluation of dental bleaching under orthodontic bracket in enamel and dentin .
Smart bracket for multi-dimensional force and moment measurement .
We have used additional DNA markers to further narrow and bracket the NF1 defect .
Orthodontists ' fees and bracket recycling .
The individual tolerance can often be tested by inserting one bracket or one band .
[Clinical evaluation of some relationships between orthodontic wires and bracket ] .
The frictional coefficient between wire and bracket was 0.2 .
Overlay mechanics with the Tip - Edge PLUS bracket .
