Mothers today are encouraged to breastfeed for up to 6 months .
All except one child continued to breastfeed for many months after relactation .
All subjects studied were highly motivated to breastfeed for prolonged periods .
Mass media content likely influences the decision of women to breastfeed their newborn children .
Recipients are generally ill and premature infants whose mothers are unable to breastfeed them .
Special concerns arise when a chemically dependent woman chooses to breastfeed her infant .
Spoiled milk : an experimental examination of bias against mothers who breastfeed .
Cultural variations exist in the proportion of women who breastfeed .
However , low-income mothers breastfeed less often and for shorter periods of time .
Similarities and differences between women who breastfeed for short and long duration .
Women with more education and those living in urban areas breastfeed for shorter periods .
These women were able to successfully breastfeed within one week .
Working mothers breastfeed babies more than housewives .
Mothers with Type 1 diabetes breastfeed their children less than international recommendations .
[Report from Argentina. Adoptive mothers can also breastfeed ! ] .
Women who smoke are less likely to breastfeed their children than nonsmokers .
Experiences of HIV positive mothers who chose not to breastfeed their babies in Nigeria .
Women who smoke are less likely to breastfeed their children than nonsmokers .
98 % of Bangladesh mothers breastfeed their children from birth .
Intention to breastfeed and other important health-related behaviour and beliefs during pregnancy .
Traditionally , most IndoChinese women breastfeed their children for a prolonged period .
Women experiencing uncomplicated pregnancies who planned to have epidural analgesia and to breastfeed .
Each woman was assisted to either use breast milk substitutes or breastfeed exclusively .
To breastfeed or not to breastfeed ?
Seventy-five percent of mothers planned to express breast milk or breastfeed before delivery .
