Nonreciprocal wave propagation typically requires strong nonlinear materials to break time reversal symmetry .
In three cases , a Dormia basket was used to break down the stone .
Concussion in youth ice hockey : it 's time to break the cycle .
Three T-junctions then break the larger drop into eight smaller droplets .
Inner-city schools may break the links between social disadvantage , drug use and delinquency .
Obesity can break your heart and more so when you are a woman .
How can physicians break through job boredom ?
Drug prices break into new high ground .
Retinal break in an area with medullated nerve fibres .
The present study reports examinations of tear film break up time among the population .
Cloners break away from the herd .
Demonstrable subsidence is also associated with prostheses that subsequently go on to break .
Educational objectives make or break the quality of patient care .
Group pressure can make or break your staff .
Glutathione was used to break the disulfides and release thione into the supernatant .
These strains were able to break down lactose at low temperatures .
Above the break activation energies ( Ea ) of the three enzymes .
Why men 's hearts break : cardiovascular effects of sex steroids .
Seaweeds inhabiting the extreme hydrodynamic environment of wave-swept shores break frequently .
Decompression sickness after air break in prebreathe described with a survival model .
Stones break better when the rate of shockwave ( SW ) delivery is slowed .
In the latter , participants could break their links after each social interaction .
Double-strand break repair-independent role for BRCA2 in blocking stalled replication fork degradation by MRE11 .
On the other hand , these terms break lepton number and R parity explicitly .
Inhibiting its activity may break tumor immune tolerance and thus promote therapeutic effects .
The self-propelled velocity can break thermodynamical equilibrium and induce the directed transport .
Engagement of the costimulatory molecule 4-1BB can break immunologic tolerance and increase CTL responses .
The oocyte nests break apart into individual cells and become packaged into primordial follicles .
Students break up into smaller groups and share their responses if they so choose .
The vessels can break down with time and cause hemorrhage or aneurysm .
