Early-maturing females are more likely to breed successfully on first pairing .
is that the former species is more likely to breed under laboratory conditions .
Genetic prediction methodology was used to breed for improved yield performance for drought-prone environments .
Only in the Gisborne district did a Hereford breed predisposition to infection become apparent .
The most efficient management for controlling stalk rots is to breed resistant cultivars .
The authors intended to breed the Amami rabbits in the laboratory .
Rhinoceros cows breed throughout the year .
New breed to old boy .
The subsequent outcross Blo/Y progeny breed vigorously with the outcrossed Blo/+ female .
A new comparative study suggests that birds breed cooperatively when environmental conditions vary .
We hypothesized that individual anxiety disorders will breed true in offspring .
A breed apart .
Generally , it is known that poverty and ignorance breed disease .
Oesophageal GIST-A rare breed case report and review of the literature .
Analysis of the canine mdr1-1Delta mutation in the dog breed Elo .
R. nigromaculata live in rice fields and breed in early May .
Cases were not found in submitted calves of the Jersey breed or beef breeds .
Montasio cheese liking as affected by information about cows breed and rearing system .
They may also remain clinically normal indefinitely and breed successfully .
Homozygotes are normal in size and weight and breed normally .
Hata himself tried to breed laboratory mice in the Kitasato Institute .
An attempt was made to breed them in captivity .
To breed good strains by protoplast fusion in Phellinus baumii .
Southern elephant seals breed on sub-Antarctic islands and have a circumpolar distribution .
They breed in the warmer season and overwinter in the state of reproductive diapause .
Persistently infected cows may breed and will always transmit the infection to the calf .
Both species breed together and feed on the same prey .
Male prairie dogs ( Cynomys ludovicianus ) breed anually and have complete testicular regression .
