The detected images were then used to calculate the concentration of Pirenoxine Sodium .
Sagittal fat-suppressed 3D spoiled gradient-echo images were obtained to calculate the cartilage volume .
The method used to calculate PPM resulted in significant classification discordance .
They are used to calculate thermodynamic properties within the quasiharmonic approximation .
The inter-fraction variations were used to calculate required margins for SIB PTV .
The Lambert-Beer law was used to calculate the absorption coefficient at various riboflavin concentrations .
Validation of a computerised system to calculate the sequential organ failure assessment score .
We also calculate the fourth-order correction term , becoming important at higher temperatures .
A simple analytical expression to calculate the backscatter factor for low energy X-ray beams .
These values were used to calculate geometric values and create three-dimensional models .
Weigh the liver and calculate the liver index .
To calculate the mean fluorescence density and compare with each other .
We calculate the trident pair production amplitude in a strong laser background .
We calculate a maximum absorption enhancement of 45 % at lambda =~
We calculate thermodynamic properties of these devices as heat capacity and molar entropy variation .
We calculate the basic reproduction number and study the effects of various immunization schemes .
Data to calculate effect size and odds ratios were unavailable for three programs .
We calculate its exact distribution and confirm its validity via a numerical simulation .
The VERIS also was used to calculate individual responses and for analysis .
The CEAC is straightforward to calculate , construct and interpret .
Formulae were derived to calculate and design the ideal near iseikonic lenses .
The Kaplan-Meier log-rank test was used to calculate and compare survival differences .
We calculate errors in determining the Mueller matrix and compare with other techniques .
Thus , we calculate that PRAMS overestimated ART use by 2,803 births .
Computers calculate volunteer 's future .
Hospitals calculate lost revenue under reform .
