The phantom was used to calibrate the SCK * CEN WBC setup .
Few have examined the accuracy of mechanical calibrators used to calibrate metabolic monitors .
Three fossil records were used to calibrate a molecular clock .
Developing practical wisdom requires researchers to calibrate their own intuitions about right and wrong .
We demonstrate a method to calibrate a Shack-Hartmann sensor as an orthographic camera .
A procedure to calibrate capacitance-resistance probes in saline conditions was implemented in contrasting soils .
The experimental results were used to calibrate a pore-network model and test its validity .
Estimate and calibrate the magnification of images .
The Isokin 4.0 does not warm up and calibrate the isokinetic apparatus daily .
Pot and plot experiments were used to calibrate and validate the simulations .
Field data on pyrimethamine resistance are used to calibrate and test the model .
Regulatory and monitoring data were used to calibrate and evaluate the model .
Challenges when using real-world bio-data to calibrate simulation systems .
A practical method to calibrate self-reported adherence to antiretroviral therapy .
We calibrate our model using magnetic resonance images from very preterm neonates .
SdFFF cell sorting was associated with cellular characterization methods to calibrate specific elution profiles .
With this data set , users can trivially calibrate cantilevers of the same type .
Decision makers calibrate behavioral persistence on the basis of time-interval experience .
Accordingly , it was necessary to calibrate for the former first .
Subjects underwent training to calibrate to their range of shoulder strength capability .
It is not possible to calibrate in this plane without the third plate .
We calibrate our optical tweezers and compare the results with quadrant photo diode measurements .
Use of inexpensive dyes to calibrate and adjust your microarray printer .
Multiplexed method to calibrate and quantitate fluorescence signal for allergen-specific IgE .
We say calibrate .
