Chronic diseases and call to action .
Executive summary : The Surgeon General 's call to action to support breastfeeding .
ICU-acquired weakness - a call to arms ( and legs ) .
We call such spontaneous local breakout an " initial percept-switch nucleation . "
Multivariate analyses of call completion and change in health behaviors .
We call this a load and tolerance strategy for determining PSV .
We locate a novel type of double-crisis vertex which we call a grazing-crisis vertex .
This paper proposes an explanatory model , that we call the attention-intention-effort pathway .
The exact result exhibits a phenomenon that we call asymmetric screening .
We call this behavior maximally flat , after the electrical filters devised by Butterworth .
Evaluation of a tiered trauma call system in a level 1 trauma centre .
A call to action : variability in guidelines for cardiac evaluation before renal transplantation .
Why not just call it tako-tsubo cardiomyopathy : a discussion of nomenclature .
Overall 45.6 % of smokers intend never to call the QL .
A complex renal cyst : it is time to call the oncologist ?
Part 2 : the results letter and the discussion call .
The wake-up call .
Midwifery special issue call for papers--place of birth .
Campaigners call for university to close down children 's chiropractic clinic in Melbourne .
Prescription drug monitoring programs-lack of effectiveness or a call to action ?
Radiation worker mortality : intersociety call for survey participation .
Let 's call the whole replacement off !
We would like to call attention to yet another atypical presentation of extrapulmonary tuberculosis .
We propose to call this new variant AT III Clichy .
In conclusion we call for better coordination and support from transplantation centres .
Quadrivalent human vaccine - a call to action and for additional research .
A call for greater policy emphasis and public health applications in pharmacy education .
" Should we call last orders on drunks and traffic cones in A&E " ?
We call attention to this condition and describe our experience with four patients .
I am known by many names , but you can call me . . .
