The model is able to capture the force response to a range of inputs .
A calculational method is devised to capture the divergence approximately .
A phenomenographic design was used to capture different perception of using khat .
Genotyping and contact tracing alone did not capture the true dynamics of the outbreak .
Neural population modes capture biologically realistic large scale network dynamics .
The VPF system can capture unique details about the hand-off interchange .
Cine MRI is able to capture tumor motion during deglutition .
Polymeric ultra- and nano-membranes can be used to capture these microorganisms from CSOs .
Voluntary reporting appears inadequate to capture complications from feeding tube insertion .
Here we capture this result analytically in a simple case .
The selected graph theoretic methods can capture the structural changes during growth .
Human telomerase domain interactions capture DNA for TEN domain-dependent processive elongation .
We conclude that threat prioritizes , but does not capture attention .
The retina has evolved to capture photons efficiently and initiate visual transduction .
The resulting parameter updating is not globally Bayesian but can better capture human behavior .
NETs can capture platelets and increase fibrin deposition .
Interviews are often used but they do n't always capture important details .
Immigrating monocytes capture LDL and accumulate its cholesterol as ester droplets becoming foam cells .
Double antibody sandwich immunoassay was used to specifically capture and label AFP antigen .
Programs plan to use multiple tools to capture and report milestone data .
MSCs have the ability to capture and release antigens .
Economic analysis of centralized vs. decentralized electronic data capture in multi-center clinical studies .
Amodal causal capture in the tunnel effect .
Carbon dioxide capture by functionalized solid amine sorbents with simulated flue gas conditions .
Resonant enhancement of neutrinoless double-electron capture in 152Gd .
Metal-organic frameworks as adsorbents for hydrogen purification and precombustion carbon dioxide capture .
Failure of VVI cardiac pacemaker capture .
Electronic data capture - Narrowing the gap between clinical and data management .
An evidence-based toolset to capture , measure and assess emotional health .
Surface-bound chemokines capture and prime T cells for synapse formation .
