Senescent males carry premutagenic lesions in sperm .
Abruptio placentae carry significantly higher perinatal mortality and near-miss morbidity than placenta previa .
What are the acoustical cues that carry these different types of vocal information ?
The surgical treatment of Chiari I malformation is to carry out a suboccipital decompression .
Smaller SAAs ( <2 cm ) grow slowly and carry a negligible rupture risk .
Two donors ' spouses ( 7.7 % ) failed to carry out domestic responsibilities .
In the situation of mild or moderate liver damage , hepatocytes carry out regeneration .
PJS patients carry a high cumulative intussusception risk at young age .
Among the 53 normal patients , 18 carry TG/GG genotype .
The robot is designed to carry multiple tool tips in a single end-effector arm .
It is possible to carry out this procedure in out-patient clinic .
Each hospital had to carry out the survey within 2 weeks .
( Mexican bean beetle ) could not carry out the next molting and died .
Many microbes carry TLR antigens , and microbial infections can lead to TLR activation .
Combinations of autoimmune disorders carry a worse prognosis and are often difficult to diagnose .
Walk closer or carry big glass ?
Vein lacerations in awkward locations are difficult to repair and carry high mortality .
Most of these disorders are B-cell in origin and generally carry poor prognosis .
However , the catalytic reaction cannot effectively carry out with one-base mismatched DNA target .
That which we carry with us .
It is therefore important to carry out clinical tests of As exposure .
We carry out a coarse-grained molecular dynamics simulation of phospholipid vesicles with transmembrane proteins .
Vaginal hysterectomy is the method of choice for gynaecologists who carry out hysterectomies .
This effect did not carry over to the next growing season .
Patients almost always carry out compulsions to minimize their anxiety/distress associated with the obsessions .
Such temperature-independent , drug resistant clones probably carry pTH10 integrated into the host chromosome .
All these molecules carry the specificity H-2.28 .
In pre-meiotic stages and shortly after meiosis , histones carry multiple modifications .
In the hypergravitation period cardiomyocyte changes carry destructive character or are regenerative processes manifestation .
Most humans carry the bacteria , but in highly different numbers .
