Transglutaminases are ubiquitous enzymes which catalyze posttranslational modifications of proteins .
Multiple retinol and retinal dehydrogenases catalyze all-trans-retinoic acid biosynthesis in astrocytes .
Glutaredoxins catalyze a glutathione exchange reaction , forming a stable glutathinoylated enzyme intermediate .
Distance education offers an opportunity to catalyze sweeping curricular change .
Halogenases catalyze reactions that introduce halogen atoms into electron-rich organic molecules .
Archaeal A-ATP synthases catalyze the formation of the energy currency ATP .
Our structures suggest that GIY-YIG nucleases catalyze DNA hydrolysis by a single substitution reaction .
Thiamine dependent enzymes catalyze ligase and lyase reactions near a carbonyl moiety .
All RecA-like recombinase enzymes catalyze DNA strand exchange as elongated filaments on DNA .
Thus , Vps33 appears to catalyze SNARE complex assembly through specific SNARE motif recognition .
Contrary to a previous claim , TsCl does not catalyze acylation .
These so-called quinoproteins are able to catalyze redox reactions by one-electron steps .
Bronsted acids catalyze the cycloaddition step and provide improved exo selectivity .
Amylases catalyze the hydrolysis of starch material and play central roles in carbohydrate metabolism .
The isoforms examined catalyze the classic activities but there have been notable absences .
PEG-400 was used as a phase transfer catalyst and could effectively catalyze the reduction .
It shares highest homology with glyoxalase II but does not catalyze the same reaction .
Peptide amphiphile nanofibers template and catalyze silica nanotube formation .
Instead , they catalyze GSH - dependent oxidoreductions .
Indeed extracts of transformed cells catalyze the hydrolosis of the beta-lactam nitrocefin .
Which of these exchanges does GadC catalyze ?
Some of them function as cytokines or catalyze different reactions in living cells .
They share a common catalytic step but catalyze reactions in different biological pathways .
A novel electrostatic approach to the manner in which enzymes catalyze reactions is developed .
This article discusses circumstances under which free quarks catalyze exothermal nuclear reactions .
