Content analysis was used to code transcripts and categorize themes .
Transcriptions were coded using discourse analysis to categorize themes .
Linear discriminant analysis was used to categorize normal vs. pathological scans .
To categorize national medical expenditures into patient-centered categories .
Unsupervised cluster analyses were used to categorize patients as high or low gene expressors .
Adult listeners were asked to categorize these synthetic vowels in a forced choice task .
To categorize phases of the patient journey and evaluate their utility as diagnostic typologies .
Content analysis was used to categorize responses and identify categories .
This study investigated preschool children 's ability to discriminate and categorize facial expressions .
It is formally shown how oligodendrocytes normally categorize axonic information processing via their processes .
Humans can categorize objects in complex natural scenes within 100-150 ms .
To examine how patients categorize their pain with the two commonly employed scales .
Response to " A graded system to categorize drug-resistant epilepsy " .
Do sheep ( Ovis aries ) categorize plant species according to botanical family ?
Use of the adjective ' membranous ' to categorize hemodiafiltration and hemofiltration .
This overview attempts to categorize and summarize the available studies .
Descriptive statistics are commonly used to categorize , display , and summarize data .
To categorize and characterize the patients with long-term survival and/or cure after palliative radiotherapy .
Classify and categorize urinary incontinence treatments from least to most invasive .
i ) Identify the TNBCs and categorize them into BL and NBL breast cancer .
QSRNVivo7 software was used to analyse and categorize the data under emerging themes .
Lynch syndrome is an entity difficult to categorize from a clinical point of view .
Such compounds , however , are difficult to categorize at present .
Acute scrotal pathology can be difficult to categorize without surgical exploration .
Initially , we categorize the cerebral circulation and then review the vascular anatomy .
Ontologies categorize entities , express relationships between them , and provide standardized definitions .
