Depressed and medically ill patients were asked to describe symptoms that characterize depression .
A secondary goal was to characterize the immune responses .
A whale tale : using blubber biopsies to characterize Pacific Ocean pollutant trends .
We sought to characterize mothers ' communication with their adolescent daughters about HPV vaccine .
This review aims to characterize the loss in the diversity of libraries during amplification .
To characterize the electroencephalogram ( EEG ) in young cats .
Distinct histological features characterize primary angiosarcoma of bone .
Microbial communities characterize the airways of cystic fibrosis ( CF ) patients .
Bioluminescence reporter gene imaging characterize human embryonic stem cell-derived teratoma formation .
To characterize epilepsy originating from the cingulate gyrus and to report surgical outcomes .
Animal experimentation is necessary to characterize human diseases and design adequate therapeutic interventions .
To generate and characterize a constitutively active , RPE-specific , cre-expressing transgenic mouse line .
Here we characterize posttranslational modification of MnSOD in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe .
Comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography to characterize hydrocarbon mixtures in lithic materials .
In the present study , we characterize the interaction of Efb with Fg .
Distinct strategies have been developed to characterize and isolate this specific subpopulation .
Further studies are needed to characterize and classify cystic lesions of the prostate .
This report is the first to clone and characterize of buffalograss RGLs .
Differences in epigenetic marks characterize monozygotic twin pairs and may explain discordance .
We characterize these transitions using numerical simulations and develop analytic theories capturing each transition .
Invertebrate-type innate immune responses evolved first and they characterize the metazoans .
These features clearly separate these cells from canine monocytes and characterize them as DC .
To characterize the gastrointestinal tract at the onset and in well-established obesity .
To clone and characterize the porcine aquaporins ( AQPs ) in the gastrointestinal system .
In this review we characterize laser-induced crosslinking and explore the applications of this method .
We characterize these methods in simulation and illustrate their use on an empirical dataset .
In addition , surgeons should characterize their study population and report outcomes for sub-populations .
However , it is difficult to diagnose or characterize non-invasively with conventional imaging .
Apathy is more difficult to detect and characterize in Asian populations .
To date , similar molecules have been difficult to characterize in mammalian cells .
