Plasma incubated with CS2 was found to chelate copper .
Two maintenance hemodialysis patients receiving deferoxamine to chelate iron and aluminum developed intestinal mucormycosis .
However , desferrioxamine does not appear to chelate iron already incorporated into ferritin .
The spectra show directly that the added o-phenanthroline does not chelate the iron atom .
Gentamicin does not chelate calcium .
Curcumin can chelate metal ions , forming metallocomplexes .
The iatrogenous disease depends on DPA capacity to chelate copper and cause its depletion .
The ideal treatment would be to chelate arsenic and prevent oxidative stress .
OM-OA does not have a dissociable phenolate group and does not chelate Fe3+ .
Like most fluoroquinolones , lomefloxacin can chelate with heavy metals .
Schiff base copper ( II ) chelate as a tool for immobilization of protein .
The colorimetric indicators chelate with metal cations , forming the color changes .
Ergothioneine is known to chelate divalent metal ions with high affinity .
The inhibition is attributed to its ability to chelate iron in the enzyme .
Nevertheless , phytochelatins were demonstrated to chelate mercury under environmental exposure .
In previously determined structures of homologous proteins , four residues chelate the bound metal .
Regeneration of nitric oxide chelate absorption solution by two heterotrophic bacterial strains .
Application of immobilized metal ion chelate complexes as pseudocation exchange adsorbents for protein separation .
Polyphenols in foods may chelate dietary Fe and lower its bioavailability .
Metallothioneins chelate metals and consequently may be a control point of metal homeostasis .
They chelate minerals and interact with proteins , thus reducing their bioavailability .
Paracetamol has been reported to chelate with iron .
Modified Fenton reaction for trichlorophenol dechlorination by enzymatically generated H2O2 and gluconic acid chelate .
Comparison of manganese-DPDP and gadolinium chelate .
An N-heterocyclic amine chelate capable of antioxidant capacity and amyloid disaggregation .
