How to choose the right statistical test ?
Femoral head osteonecrosis : why choose free vascularized fibula grafting .
How to appropriately choose research subjects .
These diets allow the patients and their families to choose a more liberal menu .
Japanese primary care doctors choose drugs appropriately based on the pathogenesis of FD .
Why do people choose what they choose ?
A number of reasons lead patients to choose to undergo weight loss procedures .
Many farmworkers choose to take risks in order to save time .
However , many people choose to not use drugs while they are growing up .
Investigators can then choose among alternative models using goodness-of-fit statistics .
Physicians recommend different treatments for patients than they would choose for themselves .
How to choose between these two outcomes is not fully understood .
Forty eight percent of dentists choose the same material in all clinical situations .
In all , 92 % of patients questioned would choose RTX therapy again .
Why do people choose charcoal burning as a method of suicide ?
Peers allowed to choose among CM candidates .
Previously for personal reasons , did not choose not to undergo any treatment .
Public or private : where would you choose to work ? - Public .
Why choose cardiothoracic surgery as a career ?
In this case one has to choose P as the independent macroscopic variable .
Why hospitals choose the merger route .
When several exclusive choices are proposed , macaques vote and choose the majority .
We need to choose suitable examinations and to interpret examination results .
To research and choose the best crude drugs of Rhubarb dispensing granule .
A simple method to choose the most representative stride and detect outliers .
But providers must choose their most important priorities and develop contingency plans .
The practitioner must choose one definition and apply it consistently in disease investigations .
It is currently unclear how systematic reviewers choose and pre-specify outcomes for systematic reviews .
College health professionals can choose to become actively involved or we can be bystanders .
How to choose and use devices to track your health .
