Problems imposed by these issues will circulate in the 21st century .
Plasmodium ovale curtisi and Plasmodium ovale wallikeri circulate simultaneously in African communities .
hBoV does circulate in northern Taiwan .
Radioresistant cells lost the ability to the proliferation circulate in the peripheral blood .
G-CSA itself does not circulate in serum .
Finally , these products were found to circulate as heterogenous molecular species .
These cells circulate in venous blood and are locally enriched in CSF .
Some of these molecules circulate in the blood and are antigenic .
They circulate around the body and stimulate cytotoxic T-lymphocytes to clear tumor cells .
Some of these hyphal fragments can break off and circulate in the bloodstream .
Divergent HTLV-1 strains have been introduced and currently circulate in Spain .
OxPLs are pro-inflammatory , circulate on Lp ( a ) , and mediate CAD .
PNH III erythrocytes circulate 6 to 60 days in vivo .
The insulin-like growth factors ( IGF-I and IGF-II ) circulate bound to specific proteins .
Triglyceride - rich lipoproteins that circulate postprandially are increasingly being recognized as potentially atherogenic .
It has been suggested that it can circulate and exert paracrine effects .
Isoflavones circulate and are excreted into the urine mainly as glucuronide and sulfate conjugates .
Here we demonstrate that platelets become desialylated as they circulate and age in blood .
The wick structure provides capillary force to circulate the working fluid .
Antiviral immunity involves NK cells , which circulate rhythmically every 24 hours .
Each student has to circulate round a number of timed stations .
Denial to freely circulate and obtain asylum is associated with vulnerability to HIV infections .
Blood was not seen to circulate but rather to slowly ebb and flow .
Most of these countries circulate lyophilized samples with for the participants unknown target values .
This study is the first indication that NoVs circulate widely in Botswana .
Inside the vortices , the microtubules circulate both clockwise and anticlockwise .
Two main hMPV lineages circulate worldwide and reinfections occur frequently .
Plasma catecholamines circulate either in conjugated or unconjugated forms .
These translations did not widely circulate either in manuscripts or printed editions .
