Positional discrimination models claim that positional uncertainty accounts for accuracy and reaction time patterns .
Dietary supplement companies claim that arginine supplements acutely enhance skeletal muscular endurance .
More recently suggested approaches claim to improve parametric accuracy with retained spatial resolution .
Discounting medical malpractice claim reserves for self-insured hospitals .
Employees within the pharmaceutical industry claim a commitment to collaboration and QUM .
Few physicians would claim overt discrimination .
New CMS1500 claim form .
It then considers those applications that claim less-selective Itk inhibitors .
Further clarification is required to claim the diagnostic potentials of saliva in diabetes .
Health claim for barley products .
Our results claim for a mass screening for hepatitis B during pregnancy .
Incorrect priority claim for the DNA-damage hypothesis .
Niche markets claim product differentiation by superior or unique product quality and social attributes .
HMOs claim victory in review fight .
Some employers claim rights to discoveries made on the job .
The CBMs claim to provide viable MSCs and are offered at a premium cost .
Leaders claim bullies thrive and middle managers are left to fail .
Malpractice claim or lawsuit for performance of PRK or LASIK surgery .
It should utilize policies to claim equity and consider the interests of all beneficiaries .
Accidents claim 96,000 lives , but rate declining for some types .
PAs claim a membership of approximately 13 million and are structured and vertically organized .
Noncommunicable diseases were estimated to claim more than 36 million lives worldwide in 2008 .
Hispanics were 2.7 times more likely to claim receipt of vaccination compared to whites .
Dismissal of informed consent claim upheld by California Appellate Court .
Certain authors are optimistic and claim that spontaneous regression of the polyps is possible .
Treatment with mechanical assist devices is complicated and expensive but claim to improve survival .
Historians have generally accepted that claim at face value .
Disclosure. Inmate 's illegal HIV-disclosure claim on brink of dismissal .
Around 200 women launch claim for damages from trust that neglected warnings .
