It can be particularly useful to clarify equivocal cytological findings .
We attempt to clarify the relationship between language preference and patient satisfaction in Hispanics .
Further investigations are needed to clarify the potential role of FCV in FIC .
Further studies are essential to clarify this relationship and elucidate the underlying mechanisms .
Governments must act swiftly and decisively to incentivize antibiotic R&D and clarify regulations .
I attempted to clarify indications and describe certain methods to remove intraocular lenses safely .
Modeling Se kinetics may clarify the impact of form on metabolism .
Moreover , close cooperation between ophthalmologists and a psychiatrist can further clarify the diagnosis .
We also clarify the mechanistic details of this unusual cross-class inhibition .
To clarify the therapeutic education program impact with multiple sclerosis patients , literature review .
We aimed to clarify this situation by gender-specific haplotype-phenotype association .
The present study aimed to clarify these findings with dyslexic students in higher education .
We clarify this pattern and show that it is sufficiently explained by two factors .
Outcome Indicators clarify specific knowledge areas and suggest clinical performance indicators for each competency .
Future studies and experience will likely clarify existing controversies and bring further advances .
These results clarify how FLG mutations impair epidermal permeability barrier function .
Future studies should clarify whether this is a " true " IR .
Intervention trials would clarify whether increasing the haemoglobin concentration reduces mortality .
Scientific advancements in molecular sequencing can help clarify and provide support for identifications .
Further studies should be performed to clarify and determine the mechanisms of action .
In the present study we tried to clarify and extend the above studies .
In this paper , we clarify the interpretation of information-theoretic metrics .
Results also clarify the interpretation of experimental data , particularly kinetic isotope effects .
In any suspicious case an MRI will easily clarify the diagnosis .
Further analyses are required to clarify its roles at the synapses and in oligodendrocytes .
No studies have ever been tried to clarify about this treatment .
We aimed to clarify this controvercy by performing a meta-analysis of published studies .
The pathogenetic implications of this phenomenon are difficult to clarify at present .
