Herein we introduce a strategy to reveal and classify compounds that have atropisomeric chirality .
WHO moves to classify traditional medicines .
Less experienced clinicians may even have difficulties to initially classify the patient correctly .
Group-based trajectory modeling was used to classify caregivers into high-symptom or low-symptom burden groups .
Children use goal-directed motion to classify agents as living things from early in infancy .
The extension to the first premolar was sufficient to classify arch form type .
We can also classify these diseases as radiosensitive or non-radiosensitive immunodeficiencies .
We also classify the individuals into groups according to a community detection algorithm .
We classify these as type I , II and III CNV genes respectively .
ESC guidelines were used to classify risk and to define lipid levels .
A fast procedure to classify perfumes and identify counterfeit samples is described .
Headspace-gas chromatographic fingerprints to discriminate and classify counterfeit medicines .
We could correctly classify 24 of 26 sensitizers .
The incidence of traumatic brain injury in an adult population--how to classify mild cases ?
In order to classify professions according to income and prestige a score was calculated .
An in-house coding scheme was used to classify and analyse data on precipitating events .
An alternative possibility is to classify probabilistically and use relaxation to adjust the probabilities .
There is no general consensus how to classify and diagnose depressive disorders .
The 2 AL are difficult to classify by the FAB system .
Some neurons were difficult to classify into existing descriptions of cochlear nucleus response patterns .
Eosinophilic esophagitis ( EoE ) remains difficult to classify because of varying presentations .
Then , we classify the patents by type , and identify their owners .
This paper will classify these fractures and discuss their associated clinical findings .
We further classify antibacterial peptides in their respective family and got a satisfactory result .
We therefore classify it as a L-type Ca2+ current and denote it ICa .
Thus , antisense subjects clearly classify intruders as offensive , but fail to attack .
