Their general role is to cleave integral membrane proteins to release signalling molecules .
One of the metalloproteases shown to cleave proHB-EGF is ADAM17 ( TACE ) .
We showed that MASP-1 was able to cleave HK resulting in BK production .
Caspases cleave several cellular proteins to execute cell death by apoptosis .
We show that the SOFA-HDV ribozymes cleave their RNA target in vitro .
The chondroitinases are bacterial lyases that specifically cleave chondroitin sulfate and/or dermatan sulfate glycosaminoglycans .
Bleomycin is known to cleave DNA perferentially at certain sequences .
All MMPs were able to cleave fibronectin at neutral pH .
Signal peptidase functions to cleave signal peptides from preproteins at the cell membrane .
BoNTs cleave proteins and peptide mimics at specific sites .
Both families of enzymes cleave aggrecan at specific sites within the aggrecan core protein .
C39 domains are thiol-dependent peptidases that cleave their substrates after a GG motif .
FRET evidence that an isoform of caspase-7 binds but does not cleave its substrate .
MASP-2 of the lectin pathway can autoactivate and cleave C4 and C2 components .
Hydrogen fluoride was used to deprotect and cleave the peptide from the resin .
MASP-2 could also cleave HK but could not release BK .
Calf chymosin and human renin cleave the same bond , but only very slowly .
The glucosyltransferases from oral streptococci cleave sucrose and polymerize the glucose moieties .
Chromosome analysis of human oocytes failing to cleave after insemination in vitro .
SHFV PLP1gamma is able to cleave at both downstream and upstream nsp1 junction sites .
These animals continue to cleave dSREBP in some tissues .
Alkyl olefins cleave in moderate to good yield for di- and tri-substituted alkenes .
Pinnae initials first cleave in two planes to generate lateral marginal initials .
DNAzymes cleave at predetermined sequences within RNA .
In cells , enzymes cleave the protecting groups and release the parent drug .
Leader peptidase will cleave procoat either during translation or after protein synthesis is complete .
During apoptosis , endonucleases cleave DNA into 50-300-kb fragments and subsequently into internucleosomal fragments .
The enzyme did not cleave sucrose 6'-phosphate ( D-glucopyranosyl-1-alpha-beta-2-D-fructofuranoside-6'-phosphate ) .
Ready , set , cleave : proteases in action .
Botulinum-as well as Tetanus toxins are proteases which cleave neuronal SNARE-proteins .
