Assembly mechanism of [Fe2S2 ] cluster in ferredoxin from Acidithiobacillus ferrooxidans .
A double-tailed fluorescent surfactant with a hexavanadate cluster as the head group .
Patterns of under-5 mortality cluster within families and communities .
Co-transcription of the celC gene cluster in Clostridium thermocellum .
His75-Asp97 cluster in green proteorhodopsin .
Moments of maximal spatial variance are shown to cluster by behavior .
Novel structural elements within the nonproteolytic clostridium botulinum type F toxin gene cluster .
Electronic and vibrational signatures of the Au102 ( p-MBA ) 44 cluster .
High-yield synthesis of a hybrid 2,3,4,5-tetracarba-1,6-nido-hexaborane ( 6 ) cluster with an exo-polyhedral boracycle .
Metals in proteins : cluster analysis studies .
Adaptive cluster expansion for inferring boltzmann machines with noisy data .
Charge and temperature effects on hydrated tryptamine cluster ions .
Expression of members of the miRNA17-92 cluster during development and in carcinogenesis .
The side-chain conformations cluster at the staggered positions , and show well-defined preferences .
Epidemiologic findings in a suspected cancer cluster among tool and die workers .
Two-arm cluster randomized controlled trial .
Principal component analysis was carried out to cluster perceived smoking initiation and maintenance factors .
Specific attention was given to cluster initialization .
We also show that these estimates can be used to cluster individuals into pedigrees .
It then proceeds to cluster these segments into putative domain families .
Ceramide - enriched membrane platforms serve to cluster DR5 upon stimulation .
Metabolic fingerprints of Mycobacterium bovis cluster with molecular type : implications for genotype-phenotype links .
However , proteins that cluster AMPA - Rs at synapses remain poorly understood .
[The cluster method in conducting epidemiological research ] .
These symptoms usually become manifest before age 40 and cluster within a few years .
Fortunately , many causative genes are interconnected and cluster in specific cellular pathways .
Wolbachia are present in southern african scorpions and cluster with supergroup F .
Use of monoclonal antibodies and flow cytometry to cluster and analyze leukocyte differentiation molecules .
The cells round up , cluster and eventually die .
STEM implements unique methods to cluster , compare , and visualize such data .
