Digital scanners have been widely used more recently to collect such data .
Case report forms ( CRFs ) are used to collect data in clinical research .
a survey quota sampling design was used to collect cross-cultural data .
Tape-strips were used to collect five samples from two different sites on each forearm .
The 2-sample group was instructed to collect fecal samples on 2 consecutive days .
Diary cards were used to collect solicited symptoms for 4 days after vaccination .
Participatory techniques were used to collect and validate information from the key informants .
An appliance is used to collect and contain the stomal output .
A midwife at the hospital was trained to collect and input data monthly .
Every effort should be made to collect appropriate specimens as quickly as possible .
An electrical field of 40 V/cm was used to separate and collect the proteins .
Infection control : how to collect specimens and evaluate results .
Fellowships collect limited programme evaluation data , indicating a need for better outcome data .
International comparisons in incidence are limited because few registries collect comprehensive population-based data .
There are currently several databases that collect sRNA data .
Animals collect sensory information through self-generated movements .
UNRWA does not collect its statistics under the best of circumstances .
The modified monitor will collect up to fourteen 12-min samples per work shift .
Venules collect capillary effluent and converge as they return deoxygenated blood towards the heart .
Patients can collect their own samples and mail or bring them to the laboratory .
Jugular bulb catheters collect pure brain venous blood and are sometimes placed for neuromonitoring .
An attempt was made to collect species , but without proper identification .
Discuss copays at registration , but collect them only at discharge .
Wetlands can collect contaminated runoff from agricultural catchments and retain dissolved and particle-laden pesticides .
The mucosa is seldom perforated and haematoma does not collect .
Here we collect together and review these past experiences and the studies currently underway .
A standard traffic counter was used to collect for a period of 8 days .
Most notably , it is noninvasive and easier to collect than serum or urine .
Light traps were used to collect ceratopogonids in East Baton Rouge parish , Louisiana .
