Ontario family physician readiness to collaborate with community pharmacists on drug therapy management .
Bid and Bim collaborate during induction of T cell death in persistent infection .
Hospital case managers frequently collaborate with home care liaisons when coordinating special discharge plans .
Both gastroenterologists and radiologists are invited to collaborate in diagnosing and treating many diseases .
Students in health care need to learn how to collaborate during their undergraduate education .
This unleashed a large movement of volunteers to collaborate in several cleaning tasks .
Multiple mechanisms collaborate to repress nanos translation in the Drosophila ovary and embryo .
European institutes for disease prevention and control collaborate to improve public health surveillance .
The lineage-defining factors T-bet and Bcl-6 collaborate to regulate Th1 gene expression patterns .
Radiation oncology nurses need to collaborate with colleagues and incorporate evidence into practice .
Appoint a team to champion the intervention and collaborate with administrators and ICU staff .
Health care consumers increasingly confront and collaborate with medical providers .
Children collaborate in interactive dialogues and manipulate personalized props .
They should therefore actively seek opportunities to collaborate with and influence other sectors .
Respondents were asked to indicate whether or not they collaborate with health care systems .
Eighty neonatologists from 23 countries were invited to collaborate and participate in the event .
They either had to collaborate or compete with each other .
Scaling up public-private mix : collaborate or regulate ?
Stakeholders should collaborate and work together .
The immune system is redundant , and B and T cells collaborate .
Unconsciously competing goals can collaborate or compromise as well as win or lose .
The mechanism by which these oncogenes collaborate is unclear .
The mechanism by which BCR components collaborate to initiate signals is still unclear .
The degree to which nurses and physicians collaborate greatly impacts patient care .
GPs have a deep feeling that hospital staff physicians do not collaborate with them .
Do professionals collaborate more within their own organization than with professionals from external organizations ?
Physics and biology collaborate to color the world .
WHO and WMO collaborate in global air pollution monitoring .
