Peripheral LE/lysosomes in dynein - depleted cells no longer colocalize with microtubules .
Delta opioid receptors colocalize with corticotropin releasing factor in hippocampal interneurons .
Approximately 60 % of CB1 receptors colocalize to GABAergic terminals in hippocampal cultures .
ZP2 and ZP3 traffic independently , but colocalize at the plasma membrane .
Hepatocyte growth factor also forms clusters that partially colocalize with PSD-95 .
In contrast , HCN4-IR did not colocalize with either synaptophysin or cortactin .
These two complexes colocalize and , like Nemo , also promote rotation .
In human inoculation experiments , bacteria colocalize with neutrophils and macrophages but remain extracellular .
BBX19 and CO colocalize in the nucleus and interact physically in vivo .
HuR was found to be overexpressed and colocalize with HDAg in human hepatoma cells .
Quantum dots are phagocytized by macrophages and colocalize with experimental gliomas .
Furthermore , AP-1 and VWF immunoprecipitate and colocalize with Dlg1 in the juxtanuclear zone .
Canoe can recruit Bazooka when ectopically expressed , but they do not obligatorily colocalize .
All the molecules colocalize .
QTLs for resistance to Pasteuria and Hamiltosporidium do not colocalize .
Moreover , UNC-104 and PTL-1 colocalize and occasionally co-migrate .
Moe and Crumbs proteins colocalize apically and this apical localization requires reciprocal protein function .
Caveolin-3 and eNOS colocalize and interact in ciliated airway epithelial cells in the rat .
Immunohistochemical studies were used to colocalize the AhR and CYP1A1 in adjacent liver sections .
These results suggest that vagal preganglionic neurones colocalize functionally nicotinic and P2X purinergic receptors .
A small percentage of growth hormone - secreting cells colocalize GAL .
Double-labeling immunohistochemistry showed that the intrinsic SP-IR neurons did not colocalize VIP .
In addition , we attempted to colocalize chemokine receptors with markers for neural progenitors .
We failed to colocalize GFP signals with endothelial or smooth muscle cell markers .
Double immunofluorescent localization was performed to colocalize cPLA2 with various glial cell types .
Hsp90 and STAT3 have previously been shown to colocalize and coimmunoprecipitate in common complexes .
PfeIF4E and PfeIF4A colocalize and their double-stranded RNA inhibits Plasmodium falciparum proliferation .
The two proteins were found to colocalize in vivo and to coimmunoprecipitate .
