It uses a variety of strategies to effectively colonize the human oropharynx .
Flies are typically the first insects to colonize a dead body .
Strain variability in the ability to colonize biofilms was observed .
To cause infections , bacteria must colonize their host .
The complex microbial populations that colonize the human body form the human microbiome .
Aspergilloma is a saprophytic infection which can colonize preexisting lung cavities .
Campylobacter jejuni is able to colonize the human intestinal mucosa and cause disease .
Gastrointestinal parasites have evolved with humans and colonize many asymptomatic subjects .
Anaerobic metabolic pathways allow unicellular organisms to tolerate or colonize anoxic environments .
Various virulence factors allow M haemolytica to colonize the lungs and establish infection .
Therefore , this mutant could colonize the skin but could not disseminate .
Certain strains of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens can colonize plants and improve growth and stress management .
Epiphylls widely colonize vascular leaves in moist tropical forests .
Without synthesis of polymers S. mutans cannot colonize the mouth in large numbers .
The bacteria invade and colonize the roots through structures called infection threads .
Salmonella Enteritidis has enhanced ability to colonize and persist in extraintestinal sites within chickens .
Strains of Serpulina murdochii and Brachyspira aalborgi failed to colonize or cause histological changes .
The ability to colonize and transfer was tested under different antimicrobial treatments .
O157 colonize the bovine epithelial mucosa at the recto-anal junction ( RAJ ) .
In temperate climates ectomycorrhizal fungi colonize the roots of many forest plant species .
Failure of mosquitoes to colonize teasel axils in Illinois .
Bacteria from diverse habitats colonize and compete in the mouse gut .
Pathogenesis of mucosal microorganisms depends on adherence to the tissues they colonize and infect .
Bacteria rapidly colonize and modulate healing of gastric ulcers in rats .
This strain was able to colonize in the intestinal epithelium .
Bacteria adhere to and colonize almost any surface .
Only cells from metastasizing tumors are competent to colonize after direct intrahepatic injection .
Following transplantation , human lymphocytes colonize murine lymphatic organs and secrete human immunoglobulins .
Bacterial pathogens colonize respiratory tissue and , as a consequence , compromise lung function .
The indigenous bacterial microflora colonize the gut at birth and remain there throughout life .
