We performed meta-analysis to combine effect measures , using a random-effects model .
Subretinal electronic chips allow blind patients to read letters and combine them to words .
This study was designed to combine two physical stimuli .
We combine multi-reference configuration interaction with one-electron spin-orbit Hamiltonian and relativistic effective core potentials .
New indices that combine the diverse clinical manifestations of PsA are now under development .
There is increasing enthusiasm for teaching approaches that combine mathematics and biology .
Other methods intend to combine all dropout information into the treatment effect estimate .
Bicycle helmets exhibit complex structures so as to combine impact protection with ventilation .
It is a potential method to combine chitosan with the hydrophobic synthetic polymers .
We combine this enhancement stage with two different segmentation algorithms .
We combine the two metrics by employing an eigenvalue formulation .
However , the best reconstructions combine MLd responses with both spectral and temporal correlations .
TIS11b and SIK may combine to attenuate StAR expression when hormonal stimuli decline .
Modules from the two replicators could combine to initiate replication .
These two scenarios combine to form the observed distributions of pair centroid positions .
The DNAzyme used was a single-stranded DNA that could combine with hemin .
The HRE of IRP1 5'-regulation regions could combine with HIF-1 in vitro .
In particular the widely used lipases combine well with many ionic liquids .
Multicenter studies of intravitreal drugs present them as an option to combine with laser .
A more effective drug to combine with IFN is needed .
First , monoclonal antibodies are allowed to combine with radioiodinated human IgG .
We have developed a new call flow style and combine traditional passive call flow .
Batteries of tests are often done and should combine both indirect and direct methods .
Methods have been developed to combine SAR submodels and thereby improve predictive performance .
This tempted us to combine the data and develop a new prediction model .
Only five currently combine efficacy and acceptable side effects .
Megranate-like nanoparticles can combine the properties of each component and be used as nanoreactors .
It needs to combine them , and by doing so to reconcile them .
To combine or not combine two units under one unit manager .
Refer to correlative articles and combine clinical experience to report .
