Bacteria are known to communicate primarily via secreted extracellular factors .
Knowing how to communicate effectively with patients includes an understanding oflanguage .
We show that homesigners use gestures to communicate about number .
Internet- and telephone-based strategies to communicate risk were not utilized by survivors or physicians .
They are designed to help communicate ideas efficiently .
We would like to communicate a recent case attended at our institution .
Many factors influence what and how we communicate with patients after stroke .
Brain-computer interfaces ( BCIs ) enable people with paralysis to communicate with their environment .
How do family physicians communicate about cardiovascular risk ?
Astrocytes appear to communicate with each other as well as with neurons via ATP .
The Passy-Muir unidirectional valve allows ventilator-dependent patients to talk and communicate without assistance .
The cisterna is avascular and does not communicate with the SE .
Patient use of smartphones to communicate subjective data in clinical trials .
Patients ' preferences for ways to communicate benefits of cardiovascular medication .
Noise may drive changes in the composition and abundance of animals that communicate vocally .
[Quick guide to communicate important news to terminally ill patients ] .
Neurons are generally considered to communicate information by increasing or decreasing their firing rate .
Visual displays are often used to communicate important medical information to patients .
These deaf individuals develop their own gestures , called homesigns , to communicate .
When do gestures communicate ? A meta-analysis .
How the British and the Dutch communicate .
The physician 's duty to stop , look , listen , and communicate .
Dysarthria affects the ability of individuals to communicate and to participate in society .
To avoid a mating mishap , yeast focus and communicate .
Pudendal nerve branches communicate with the cavernous nerves and are nitric oxide synthase positive .
In their daily teaching and classroom management , teachers inevitably communicate and represent values .
In some places they communicate with the vessels or are lined with endothelium .
How well do medical students rate and communicate clinical empathy ?
Follow current diagnostic criteria , and clearly communicate findings to patients .
Understand and communicate the treatment alternatives to the patient .
