This study aimed to comprehend the potentialities of the microfabrication to produce tissue-engineering scaffolds .
This study examined hearing preschoolers ' ability to use iconic cues to comprehend signs .
Understanding these alphabetaT cells helps to comprehend skin diseases .
Families and teachers must help them comprehend physical desire and relationships .
Participants clearly comprehend palliative care goals .
Still , scientists struggle to comprehend the complex behavior of biological systems .
Hence , in future , Medicine is to comprehend Man as a whole .
It is therefore imperative to succinctly comprehend their pharmacokinetics for their apt use .
We cannot comprehend the conversion of LCH as a failure of the operating surgeon .
Factors influencing diabetic clients ' ability to read and comprehend printed diabetic diet material .
He became able to comprehend questions and express himself by gestures .
Squirrel monkeys solved visible but did not comprehend invisible displacements .
We are just beginning to comprehend and much needs to be done .
Developing the ability of hearing-impaired students to comprehend and generate question forms .
This is a difficult diet to comprehend and follow .
Can people comprehend assertions without believing them ?
Domestic dogs comprehend human gestural communication flexibly , particularly the pointing gesture .
Furthermore , the surgeon must comprehend outcome analysis in evaluating differing therapies .
Her speech was well articulated , but she could not comprehend spoken words .
Speech no longer contained overused phrases and he could comprehend automatic speech .
They will help practitioners comprehend these concepts and critically evaluate published research .
66 % of the women did not comprehend how lactation performance could decrease .
Do people with schizophrenia comprehend what they read ?
Brains to comprehend .
The latter site proved significantly harder to comprehend than all other sources .
However , her clinical presentation was not easy to comprehend by some .
Readability of information was difficult to comprehend by the public .
[Neuroimaging : test to comprehend and understand human actions regarding a crime ? ] .
Children found the IKDC Subjective Knee Evaluation Form difficult to comprehend and to answer .
Can non-human animals comprehend and employ symbols ?
