Using an alternative site marking form to comply with the Universal Protocol .
BACKGROUND To comply with an action plan patients need to recall information accurately .
It is important to establish and comply with an evidence-based preventive strategy .
The tools comply with international and accreditation standards .
Ordering blood culture sets and sampling volumes did not comply with CLSI guidelines .
Thirty percent of prescriptions did not comply with substitute recommendations .
These include increased efforts to publicize and comply with both the U.S.
Dentists should become familiar with the national public health plan and comply with it .
Other schools were in partial compliance or did not comply at all .
Five patients did not comply with the protocol and were excluded from the analysis .
Mesalazine was started , but the patient did not comply with therapy .
At present 516 services were contacted and 172 did not comply with inclusion criteria .
Although the patient was advised to have postoperative radiotherapy , he did not comply .
If a woman requested condoms , men and women agreed the man must comply .
Two-thirds of those asked responded that they would comply .
Telephone triage services can offer appropriate decisions and decisions that callers comply with .
This study investigated the extent to which adults comply with sunscreen advice .
Effective strategies to comply with Joint Commission 's universal protocol .
Women comply breast reconstruction with silicone implants and autologous tissue equally .
COPD awareness survey : do Belgian pulmonary physicians comply with the GOLD guidelines 2010 ?
Women understood the information received but did not fully comply .
Venous thromboembolism in colorectal surgery : skip SCIP or comply ?
HIPAA final regulations : how final and how to comply ?
Will young children comply and follow instructions to successfully wear soft contact lenses ?
1 did not comply and room no .
Three women were lost to follow up and five did not comply .
