Participants in the psychoeducation group were asked to complete follow-up self-report satisfaction questionnaires .
A variety of tools and techniques are available to complete colonoscopy but have limitations .
These conjugant pairs were isolated and shown to complete mutual gene exchange and cross-fertilization .
Readers can complete the accompanying CME quiz for 1.5 credits .
One patient did not complete the study .
Eight participants did not complete the eight-week MBSR intervention .
Patients were asked to complete the questionnaire prior to discharge .
Students were asked to complete a feedback questionnaire during and immediately after the program .
The protocol requires 2-5 d to complete depending on the parameters to be studied .
Experienced surgeons took longer to complete the task and also made more errors .
Bathhouse attendees were invited to complete a questionnaire and to be screened for HIV/STIs .
Three refused participation in a 10-day follow-up visit and did not complete the study .
C. ciliata could not complete full development at 16degrees and 36degrees C .
Here , we complete our analysis by proposing strategies for improvement .
The students complete an evaluation form before and after the tutorial .
One institution did not complete implementation and was dropped from pre-post comparisons .
Leishmania parasites need phlebotomine sand flies to complete their life cycle and to propagate .
Patients must complete an application and provide personal financial information .
This protocol is efficient and reliable and usually takes 5-7 months to complete .
Shorter time to complete .
Indications for 5-aminosalicylate in inflammatory bowel disease : is the body of evidence complete ?
Unfortunately , this can be a difficult task to complete during acute airway obstruction .
However , piezoelectric osteotomy took longer to complete than the rotatory method .
The labelling reaction took less than 30 min to complete with high reaction yield .
XAMOS was started in 2009 and will complete recruitment and follow-up in 2011 .
The trial started recruitment in June 2009 and will complete recruitment until June 2012 .
The trial started recruitment in Dec 2008 and will complete recruitment during 2012 .
Within this time span , cells in G2 complete mitosis and divide .
