We calculated Cohen 's kappas to compare patient/physician perspectives .
To compare the prevalence of blastocyst development and euploidy in XX versus XY embryos .
To compare histopathological characteristics of peri-implantitis and periodontitis lesions .
To compare adverse effects with the different treatments .
Additional studies are needed to compare this approach with conventional laparoscopic treatment .
Nonparametric tests were used to compare outcomes before and after the intervention .
Standardization of protocols is key to compare studies and minimize animal use .
To compare the evidence base and systemic treatment strategies for sarcoidosis .
To compare outcomes of unipolar versus bipolar uncemented hemiarthroplasty and determine factors affecting outcomes .
We compare experimental results with numerical solutions to the convection diffusion equation .
In this letter , we compare the GSPC checklist with the ARRIVE Guidelines .
A prospective non-randomised study to compare oral trauma from laryngoscope versus laryngeal mask insertion .
We compare them to an open source application ITK-SNAP which provides similar approaches .
To compare the perinatal outcome of singleton siblings conceived differently .
We compare two-dimensional imaging of the phantom based on transmission and reflection data .
We constrain the model with and compare its results to available observations .
To compare clinical and hormonal status in thyrotoxicosis with- or without comorbid resistant depression .
Classification for cutaneous lymphomas , and compare it with the newly proposed EORTC system .
uA levels of adult breeding males were also measured to compare to adult-aged sons .
Morphological and histological evaluations were performed to compare between compound odontomas and normal premolars .
These results provide a benchmark of physician practice to compare with guidelines .
These data compare favorably with the limited number of alternative treatments .
The rapid assays ' performance compare very closely to their ELISA counterparts ' .
The results compare favourably with experimental observations .
We compare our theoretical results with experimental ones and discuss the difference between them .
We compare theoretical results with experimental data , and find a stage-dependent density effect .
It also allows us to compare different views and perform rendering budget control .
We compare our results with existing techniques and show better decomposition and enhancement .
We compare the results with similar data for cyclovergence and discuss their ecological implications .
By simulation we compare some common algorithms and discuss their feasibility for drug dosing .
