Lung airway and alveolar epithelial cells comprise an important sentinel system in airborne infections .
Non-rhabdomyosarcoma soft tissue sarcomas ( NRSTS ) comprise all STS except rhabdomyosarcoma .
Pulmonary neuroendocrine tumors comprise 20 % of all lung cancers .
Hippocampal synaptic plasticity is believed to comprise the cellular basis for spatial learning .
Emergent themes and subthemes were charted and interpreted to comprise the findings .
Glycophorins comprise the major sialoglycoproteins of the human erythrocyte membrane .
They comprise components of the sublamina densa region and contribute to embryonic epithelial-mesenchymal integrity .
The reasons for non-adherence comprise tolerability and motivational factors but further investigation is needed .
New Zealand species comprise two clades , both rooted within the Australasian clade .
In general , SC comprise socio-economically and educationally deprived individuals .
Hair shaft may comprise significant myosin during the course of its keratinization .
In the aged lens postsynthetically altered molecules comprise the majority of lens proteins .
Malignant neonatal tumors are rare and comprise 2 % of childhood malignancies .
These associations are distinct from other religious institutes and may comprise laity and/or clergy .
Publications concerning perineal infantile hemangiomas are scarce , and comprise no large series .
FGF4 and FGF8 comprise the wavefront activity that controls somitogenesis .
Ejaculates comprise multiple and potentially interacting traits that determine male fertility and sperm competitiveness .
Five items with three to five levels comprise the EXACT-U .
Wounds comprise over a third of all cases in home care .
These crystals comprise of hydrogen bonded molecules in either sheetlike or chainlike topologies .
Limb amputees alone comprise over 1.2 million of these .
The actin appears to comprise a thin layer of fibers next to the plasmalemma .
Of these cases 100 that were primary implantations comprise the study cohort .
These powders were proved to comprise nanoparticles by transmission electron microscope examination .
Neoplasms are rare cardiac findings of which myxomas comprise about 75 % .
