Stratified Cox proportional hazard regressions were performed to compute the 2-year HZ-free survival rates .
The values of Deltaf1 and Deltaf2 were used to compute 2 velocity measurements .
This study describes a method to compute these uncertainties using the Monte Carlo method .
The method , however , cannot reliably compute more than one value per min .
The Jacobian of the deformation was used to compute voxel values in Hounsfield units .
The weights are then used to compute Wilk 's lambda for the weighted model .
We compute the optimized bond length , dissociation energy , and anharmonic vibrational frequencies .
A method to compute probability current in generic coordinates .
An ontology-based measure to compute semantic similarity in biomedicine .
To this end we compute order parameters for chiral symmetry breaking and quark confinement .
We compute these coefficients from our model using fluid-gravity duality .
Simulation results show that the proposed approach compute f-information measure easily without discretisation .
Methods to impute genotypes and compute genomic evaluations were affordable with many more markers .
Using DelPhi to compute electrostatic potentials and assess their contribution to interactions .
We segment the sperm heads and compute a feature vector for each head .
This article describes a visual-world study investigating how and when perceivers compute these inferences .
We compute the nonlinear dispersion relation and the field profiles , and estimate losses .
We compute interaction energies and find excellent agreement to the original potential .
The key is to compute and combine spectral and multi-scale spatial features .
Engineering genetic circuits that compute and remember .
To compute ... or not to compute ?
Moreover posterior class pixel probability estimation is easy to compute with Platt method .
The MFPH statistic is straightforward to compute for phased SNP- and sequence-data .
SAS and R functions to compute pseudo-values for censored data regression .
We compute leave-one-out pseudo-observations from the cumulative incidence function at several time points .
Comparison does not compute .
Noisy neurons can certainly compute .
