Confronted with progressive neurodegeneration , these active mechanisms help to compensate for brain damage .
Overall , methanotrophs showed a remarkable ability to compensate for die-offs .
Standard addition and matrix-matched calibration procedures were evaluated to compensate for matrix effects .
A sparse intraoperative data-driven biomechanical model to compensate for brain shift during neuronavigation .
Trophic eggs compensate for poor offspring feeding capacity in a subsocial burrower bug .
Juvenile songbirds compensate for displacement to oceanic islands during autumn migration .
This technique is used compensate the fiber nonlinearity in optical backpropagation .
One issue is how to use such tables to compensate victims .
Clear lens extraction is a refractive surgery used to compensate axial myopia .
Intensification of sweet taste may compensate for this deficit and reduce the pain .
Patients can compensate for even significant femoral malrotation and tolerate it well .
These proteins therefore functionally compensate for one another and are critical for cardiac contractility .
Doxycycline greatly reduced tumour burden and could also compensate for the increased bone resorption .
Spectacle correction was provided for refractive error and to compensate for lack of accommodation .
Increases in CBF helped compensate for decreased arterial oxygen content and maintain CDO2 .
However , the capacity of neurogenesis to compensate neuronal loss during neurodegeneration was limited .
These processes mostly cannot compensate acidity loading from the watershed , though .
We also have to compensate them for the types and difficulty of the procedures .
A secondary use of cytology would compensate the loss of HPV testing specificity .
The use of AFO may compensate the instability of gait and balance .
Improved training for drivers can compensate some of the inadequacies of the elderly pedestrian .
Broad T-cell response is considered critical for HIV-1 vaccines to compensate viral diversity .
Senescent rats were unable for several hours to compensate the loss of body heat .
We hypothesized that TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta2 can compensate each other during palate formation .
These mechanisms compensate for decreased choline availability to maintain the PC content of lungs .
However , alternate pathways compensate when the dominant pathway is compromised .
France will compensate .
Health courts one way to compensate injured patients and promote safety .
The efficacy of the Peginterferon treatment in chronic hepatitis HDV and compensate liver cirrhosis .
The time-dependent effects are evident in a damage and compensate pattern .
