These interactions can severely compromise organismal health .
Overly aggressive treatment of hypertension can compromise collateral perfusion of the ischemic penumbra .
Part 2 : How does the periapical inflammatory process compromise general health ?
Delays in seeking proper treatment are known to compromise the outcome of the care .
It can occur before onset of labor and compromise vital maternofoetal outcome .
Carprofen and meloxicam appear to compromise gastric mucosal integrity and barrier function in dogs .
There has been concern regarding decreased surgical exposure and compromise in prosthesis durability .
From compromise to leadership in pigeon homing .
Farnesyl diphosphate synthase : the art of compromise between substrate selectivity and stereoselectivity .
High use of exception reporting may compromise care for vulnerable patient groups .
Shortages compromise patient safety , say staff on the front line .
RARP does not compromise oncologic or functional outcomes in patients with high-risk prostate cancer .
Unsafe weight management practices can compromise athletic performance and negatively affect health .
Secondary multi-organ damage could highly compromise the transplant success and also could contraindicate it .
All cardiovascular malformations compromise ventricular function and lead to alterations in the myocardial structure .
It is considered safe , minimally invasive and does not compromise physeal growth .
Edentulism is considered a poor health outcome and may compromise the quality of life .
Missed test results are common in clinical practice and compromise patient safety .
Imaging revealed compromise of the dominant left vertebral artery with leftward head rotation .
An angiogram revealed compromise of the internal carotid artery at the skull base .
Poor sleep is thought to compromise health partially through its effect on immune function .
Treatment depended on the underlying pathology , extent of ureteral compromise and location .
None had evidence of vasculitis or compromise of the posterior circulation .
Symptoms ranged from recurrent stridor and wheezing to severe respiratory compromise and hypercarbia .
In addition , LEVO pretreatment did not further compromise gastromucosal muHbO2 in hypoxemia .
Potential compromise of hospital hygiene by clinical waste carts .
Cardiorespiratory compromise under conscious sedation during upper gastrointestinal endoscopy .
Fetal growth restriction and compromise may be additional specific risk factors .
EIA can result in a cardiovascular compromise and syncope .
[The rights of man--the action and compromise ] .
