However , placenta increta may complicate first- and early second-trimester pregnancy loss .
Postoperative anastomotic strictures frequently complicate colorectal resection .
However , concentration effects and long-term survival complicate the interpretation of these results .
Relapses contribute to increased morbidity , and complicate malaria elimination programs .
This syndrome has rarely been reported to complicate the course of systemic amyloidosis .
The presence of these cysts may exacerbate glaucoma or complicate its management .
Cerebrovascular events can complicate preeclampsia , and can also manifest later in life .
Diabetes can complicate pregnancy but it is not the major complication of pregnancy .
CNVM can complicate chronic papilledema and account for sudden worsening of vision .
This problem can complicate not only diagnosis , but accurate prognosis as well .
Preterm deliveries complicate 11 % of all births within the United States .
In some patients , virulent pathogens or poor health complicate reconstruction .
This variety of conceptualisations does impact and complicate research on self-care .
Panic disorder may be confused with cardiac illness and complicate cardiac treatment .
These interactions are clinically significant and may complicate the treatment of common diseases .
Osteoporosis is known to complicate outcomes after lung transplantation ( Tx ) .
TB is known to complicate liver transplantation in rare circumstances .
Ultrasonography limit the application of more invasive and complicate procedure as TAC and RM .
Inferential procedures complicate dramatically when missing observations or measurement error arise .
Additional criteria to PSI are necessary to detect low risk patients that complicate .
This can potentially complicate further intervention should restenosis occur .
Lower respiratory tract infections frequently complicate stroke and adversely affect outcome .
Sleep dysregulation triggers episodic TTH , and sleep disorders may complicate and exacerbate headache .
Ulcers recurring during maintenance therapy rarely complicate and heal with increasing and maintaining dosage .
These variations may complicate sternal puncture , and due caution is recommended .
In addition , these abnormalities complicate UTI and require specialized treatment strategies .
[A case of facial neurofibroma complicate with acute mastoiditis ] .
It may complicate with acute renal failure if left untreated .
One child 's course was complicate by patellar osteomyelitis and septic arthritis .
