Several studies have expressed concern about the effect of ABO compatibility on graft survival .
There is concern over the methods used to evaluate antipsychotic drugs .
Clerks and nurses expressed concern about additional workload and demands on parents .
Several of the reported adverse events concern systemic failures .
Organ dysfunctions related to IAH mainly concern the kidneys and -respiratory system .
The results concern the inaccuracy of the CMMs example measuring area .
The outcome measured may concern both efficacy and safety , although from different perspectives .
Questions of law concern themselves with what the law requires , permits or prohibits .
Most genetic studies concern HLA haplotype association or polymorphism in genes encoding drug-metabolising enzymes .
Despite individual variation , certain issues have been found to concern most homosexual adolescents .
Discussed evidence and assumptions that concern hemispheric laterality and asymmetrical functional representation .
The problems which exist mainly concern the realization of recommendations .
Union concern over plan to move public health to local authorities .
Ongoing concern about photo essay .
[The Communist Party 's concern for public health ] .
Mobile phone use is increasing but there is also concern for adverse health effects .
There is concern about false-positive screening results and wrongly grounding an athlete .
Parents differed regionally regarding accurate weight perception and concern about overweight and underweight .
The data concern 98 Area Health Authorities and are for the period 1974-1978 .
All reported cases concern young people and present no associated pathology .
The data concern the period 1965-1970 and are taken from the 1970 census .
EPA concern .
A family concern .
Gastric xanthelasma--still a concern .
There has been concern regarding decreased surgical exposure and compromise in prosthesis durability .
Data are from the national census and primarily concern the years 1970 and 1978 .
However , it also caused significant upset and concern .
Data are primarily from French sources and concern the period since 1980 .
Immediate severe adverse effects are exceptionally rare and mostly concern mild anaphylactoid reactions .
Data are from the 1988 Netherlands Fertility Survey and concern women aged 18-37 .
