Fixed versus variable dose of prothrombin complex concentrate for counteracting vitamin K antagonist therapy .
We conclude that fluorescent membrane lipids spontaneously concentrate into distinct micrometric assemblies .
We will concentrate on the four so-called HDL syndromes mentioned above .
Some pupils were able to concentrate for only approximately 10 s .
However , most of the research tends to concentrate on the nursing home setting .
They tend to concentrate on a few subjects , mainly on clinical procedures .
The animals were fed on a diet containing forage to concentrate ratio of 1:1 .
Terrestrial life would be miserable without the ability to concentrate urine .
Injecting through a small-gauge needle appears to concentrate the remaining suspension .
It is challenging to continuously concentrate sample solutes in microfluidic channels .
AMI reorganizes to concentrate efforts on its core business--acute care hospitals .
An ultracentrifugation procedure is described to concentrate protein solutions on the microliter scale .
Long-term prophylaxis of hereditary angioedema with a pasteurized C1 inhibitor concentrate .
Blood safety and the choice of anti-hemophilic factor concentrate .
Efficacy of fibrinogen and prothrombin complex concentrate used to reverse dilutional coagulopathy--a porcine model .
Chemical and physical changes in milk protein concentrate ( MPC80 ) powder during storage .
Proton beam therapy can concentrate the dose on a tumour .
Factor VIII concentrate for hemophilia : comparison of two heat-treated products .
Further research should concentrate on the health and needs of these co-residents .
Similarities concentrate in the C - terminal parts , and gaps in the middle .
AG does not concentrate in the tumour , but distributes throughout the body .
Only seven countries concentrate 60 % of the papers led by developing country institutions .
Unstable angina associated with factor VIII concentrate therapy for hemophilia A .
Factor IX concentrate therapy and thrombosis : relation to changes in plasma antithrombin III .
We show that autophagosomes associate with microtubules and concentrate near the microtubule-organizing center .
The device needs no tracking system and will concentrate on a cloudy day .
We suggest them to be as specific as possible and concentrate on fiber-related behavior .
Vasopressin acts in the kidneys to concentrate urine and reduce plasma osmolality .
Using trichloroacetic Acid to concentrate proteins and remove interfering substances .
Using deoxycholate and trichloroacetic Acid to concentrate proteins and remove interfering substances .
