We conclude that home-based PSG is associated with a better sleep efficiency .
We conclude that pediatricians have superficial information about CD .
We also conclude that thermoplastic masks are effective for patient immobilization .
Lastly , we conclude by suggesting several open problems which warrant further investigation .
We will conclude with some potential considerations for future exploration .
Further work should conclude about safety related to repeated injections .
From the overlay images we conclude a close interaction between cells and cellulose fibers .
These evidences conclude different adaptation resources among sportsmen of different physical trainings .
Based on these results , we conclude that , contrary to Li et al .
Finally , we conclude and give the future prospects of this research area .
What can we conclude and hope to see in the next few years ?
Contract negotiations will soon conclude , and an aggressive implementation will begin !
We conclude background music influenced listener attention .
Thus , we conclude our sentinel-node biopsy procedure is feasible .
Clinical suggestions for community planning and actions of individual psychologists conclude the article .
A negative workup enabled to conclude to an essential arterial hypertension .
The conformational model has not allowed to conclude decisively about the electronic ground state .
The trial is scheduled to conclude in 1983 .
N-methyl-N'-nitro-N-nitrosoguanidine , and conclude that SDMH and AOM are weak bacterial mutagens .
We have explored recent mechanistic insights and conclude that more clinical research is warranted .
We have re-investigated this claim and conclude that it is most likely erroneous .
We conclude with a summary and underscore important future trends .
What and what not to conclude from the results of the LEGS study ?
We conclude with data integration in bioscience and present approaches on neuroscience data sharing .
Further study analyzing survival will be required to conclude the chemotherapy effect .
Six ( 18 % ) patients failed to conclude the treatment schedule .
Increased investment in preschool , conclude Barnett and Belfield , could raise social mobility .
