A bilingual Latina health promoter used a predetermined discussion guide to conduct all interviews .
Permission to conduct this study was obtained from the University of Michigan .
It is necessary to conduct careful follow-up in such cases .
We conduct a comprehensive review of this literature here .
Are researchers who lack the resources to conduct a fMRI study being needlessly excluded ?
Do faculty staff only conduct easy evaluations ?
Sperm of all genotypes were found to conduct circular movement in a two-dimensional plane .
A review of how to conduct a surgical survey using a questionnaire .
To conduct a preliminary randomized study of yoga as treatment for adolescents with IBS .
How to plan and conduct a patient care conference .
Organize and conduct demonstrations .
Thus it is necessary to conduct a long-term follow-up and update methods of therapy .
Under the guidance of tutors , students conduct the whole experiment independently .
In this Letter , we conduct an extensive study of the two-segment Frenkel-Kontorova model .
Recommendations for researchers who conduct interventions with older persons in community-based settings are included .
We conduct simulation and find satisfactory performance of the proposed approaches .
Why and when should we conduct collaborative international oncology nursing research ?
Therefore , further validation is required , and medical institutions should conduct high-quality studies .
We conduct simulation studies to evaluate the operating characteristics of the proposed method .
Scientific conduct .
Professional conduct .
Mitosis : disorderly conduct at the kinetochore .
Field based studies of changes in fitness are difficult to conduct in galloping Thoroughbreds .
It is hampered by research that is difficult to conduct with no common standards .
Clinical trials investigating Campylobacter pylori infection have proven difficult to conduct and to interpret .
Defining components of the research process needed to conduct and critique studies .
A qualitative research design was used to conduct and analyze data .
To conduct anthropometrics measurements on schoolchildren in Qatar and to explore their dietary habits .
CERPOD conducted the DHS in Mali in 1987 and will conduct it in 1994 .
We discuss ways that we might better coordinate and conduct HSR in the future .
