Such SS-PGEADMs can effectively condense pDNA .
The copolymer could bind and condense DNA tightly .
The pre-modification of PEI did not affect its ability to condense DNA .
A basic principle of cell physiology is that chromosomes condense during mitosis .
Chromosomes condense during mitotic entry to facilitate their segregation .
During E 10.5 migrating epitheloid cells condense to form a funnel-shaped configuration .
These PTns can effectively condense nucleic acids into nanosized particles with positive surface charges .
Cyanogen bromide was found to condense oligodeoxyribonucleotides on a complementary template in aqueous solution .
They were able to condense DNA at N/P ratio < 5 .
In this way pluripotential blast-cells condense into motile lymphocytes which are committed to pluripotentiality .
The cationic AVPI-LMWP could condense pTRAIL by electrostatic interaction .
Cells lacking Inca migrate successfully but fail to condense into skeletal primordia .
These water-soluble PAAs efficiently condense beta-galactosidase by self-assembly into nanoscaled and positively-charged complexes .
These methods condense the feature point trajectories into a compact set of representative signals .
Both P1 and P2 can efficiently condense DNA into stable nanoparticles .
These two lipids condense to form less fluid membrane microdomains or lipid rafts .
These anterior cells did not , however , condense to form blood vessels .
When association of AKAP95 with chromatin is prevented , the chromatin does not condense .
Their ability to condense pDNA and siRNA , and to form nanoparticles were characterized .
Their abilities to condense DNA and to form nanoparticles were characterized .
The GPT-SPE could effectively condense siRNA and protect the siRNA from RNaseA enzyme degradation .
Protamines are small basic proteins that condense the DNA in mature spermatozoa .
Addition of DOTAP / Chol liposomes did not further condense DNA .
CLs condense highly polymerized DNA creating complexes .
Bacteriophage can be considered as a natural system to efficiently condense and package DNA .
The three OligoCh presented a great ability to condense and protect the DNA .
To condense or not to condense .
In the trunk and tail , somitomeres gradually condense and epithelialize to become somites .
