When prescription is unreadable , they can confuse health professionals and damage patients .
Coexisting lumbosacral pathological lesions may confuse the correct diagnosis for sacral fractures .
But the comparison may confuse the message with the messenger .
Their common errors were to confuse red , orange , and brown .
The dilemma of treating chronic sinusitis continues to confuse clinicians .
It is possible to confuse this neoplasia with other lesions .
Do n't confuse the anesthetic with the anesthesiologist !
Do n't confuse schizophrenia with multiple personality .
Do n't confuse management with administration .
Neither the Y-BOCS nor the NIMH Global OC confuse trait with state .
Let 's not confuse test scores with the substance of the discrepancy model .
In addition , Ss confuse people of the same gender .
They could cause PCR bias in molecular biology experiments and confuse related analysis .
Pharmaceutical promotion in Canada : convince them or confuse them .
Hyponatremia is frequently associated and may confuse the initial diagnosis .
Etiology is not established and clinical presentation may confuse even experienced physicians .
Patients with sinonasal symptoms confuse URIs for sinusitis and expect unnecessary treatment with antibiotics .
Multiple CRCS options may confuse patients and lead to inaction .
Clinical casebook : when clues confuse .
Including physiological variables in studies might confuse more than clarify .
The first stages of the development of Spatulodinium can easily confuse with gymnodiniaceans .
[The concept of dementia--does it enlighten or confuse ? ] .
Costing studies which ignore them will conceal , confuse and mislead .
Ongoing debates regarding evidence primarily serve to confuse and obfuscate .
Presentations at medical conferences can sometimes confuse or compromise understanding of current topics .
Underlying chronic arthritis may confuse or delay the diagnosis .
Echocardiographic SWL may confuse rather than improve the assessment of AS in clinical practice .
These phenomena are easy to confuse with artifact when recording ENGs .
It is easy to confuse with overlapping of alternating current .
A rare case of aortic valve myxoma : easy to confuse with papillary fibroelastoma .
