* Further prospective studies should be performed to confirm the benefit of DHCA .
A larger trial is needed to confirm this observation .
Randomised , prospective studies should be undertaken in order to confirm these findings .
They confirm the dynamic and multidimensional nature of causal illness attributions .
Findings confirm the existence of specific pathways in PC health use .
The simulation results confirm the mechanism for concentration and separation originally proposed .
Our findings confirm that short-term HUT increases plasma adrenomedullin .
Our data confirm that PMME is a highly aggressive disease with a poor prognosis .
EMSA-Western blot combination experiments confirm that YB1 is a BMP7 promoter-binding protein .
DFT calculations confirm this mechanistic proposal and provide a rationale for the observed diastereoselectivity .
Core biopsy will confirm the diagnosis and tailor subsequent management .
These results confirm the safety and suggest a sustained effectiveness of i.m.
Radiograph control was used to confirm postexposure pump rotor movement and detect system dislocations .
Further studies are needed to confirm these results and improve statistical accuracy .
Core biopsies were reviewed to confirm the diagnosis and verify previous biopsy site .
The preliminary results of primary prophylaxis confirm its effectiveness in preventing haemophilic arthropathy .
The findings confirm the occurrence of anaerobic local glucose metabolism early after TBI .
In addition , we did confirm expression of the Notch-ligand Jagged-1 by keratinocytes .
Further follow-up is needed to confirm fertility after TT .
Prospective randomized trials are needed to confirm our findings in similar settings .
The SHS 2006 introduces sufficient variations to confirm its improvement from a gender perspective .
The ALIAS Part 2 Trial will confirm or refute these results .
Results confirm and extend sex differences in maternal care with modest LGC effects .
Future studies involving larger sample sizes should confirm or refute these findings .
High-quality and large-scale randomised controlled trials are needed to confirm or refute these results .
A further study was conducted to confirm or refute these results .
Further studies are necessary to confirm or refute these preliminary findings .
In the present study we confirm the previous findings and report two new responses .
These methods confirm some potential risk groups for YEL-AVD and cast doubt on another .
Based on this , further tests will confirm or exclude an underlying immunodeficiency .
