Tamoxifen can confound analysis of IGF1 and recurrence .
Dropouts due to nocebo effect may confound the interpretation of many clinical trials .
Do somatic and cognitive symptoms of traumatic brain injury confound depression screening ?
Did clopidogrel confound the results ?
Cultural influences tend to confound the association of religion and schizophrenia .
Hypervascularity can confound apparent diffusion coefficient measurements in breast cancer .
Their clinical relevance is not always immediately clear and they may confound medical management .
Heavy parasitism of wild-caught bullfrogs may confound research protocols and markedly impair animal health .
Residual mood symptoms confound this result but cannot account for the effect sizes found .
This assumption , if inaccurate , may confound the rehabilitation process .
This may confound investigation of factors that impact adipocyte hyperplasia in the pig .
Demographic and social characteristics potentially may confound fitness program outcome , including absenteeism .
Defective apoptosis not only promotes tumorigenesis , but also can confound chemotherapeutic response .
This finding may impact airway training and confound comparative airway device studies .
Current treatment strategies can be labor-intensive , toxic , and may confound research studies .
Floaters : a potential confound in the assessment of perceptual abnormalities .
Here , a subtle confound in proportion compatible manipulations is considered .
Therefore , these two conditions were separated without confound of location and stimulus .
Correlated variables have been shown to confound statistical analyses in microarray experiments .
However , anesthesia may confound evaluating EUS activity .
Does phenotypic plasticity confound attempts to identify hominin fossil species ?
Local immunotolerance mechanisms may likewise confound attempts to confirm the clinical diagnosis by serology .
Does weather confound or modify the association of particulate air pollution with mortality ?
Which factors confound or modify the relationship between body weight and mortality ?
Cognitive hostility may either confound or mediate the association between depressive mood and mortality .
There are no formulas to confound or to become barriers to insight .
Methods of coping and burden of illness : Cause or confound ?
P-values are misunderstood , but do not confound .
