Beta-blockers combined with statin confer a protective effect for stroke after CABG .
However , the majority of these exchanges did not confer complete inhibitor resistance .
Does avoidance of cardiopulmonary bypass confer any benefits in octogenarians undergoing coronary surgery ?
In addition , NLRP1 variants were found to confer susceptibility to autoimmune disorders .
Emergent surgery appears to confer a higher risk of maternal death .
Congenital IGF1 deficiency tends to confer protection against post-natal development of malignancies .
Moreover , FA-associated lipoplexes confer greater DNA protection than FA-conjugated lipoplexes .
These findings suggest that PCI may confer a long-term protective effect from dementia .
These features confer the Q region with similarity to the nonautonomic Tourist-like MITE .
This latter combination was also found to confer risk in BCR .
These lid domains are proposed to confer specificity to these related hydrolases .
Several factors are thought to confer this unusual feature to a CLL B-cell .
Thromboembolic prophylaxis is routine but prophylactic antiepileptic drugs confer no benefit .
The broadest transporters confer the highest growth rates and strongly prefer glucose .
These proteins confer resistance to mechanical stress and modulate cell shape .
The role of liver transplantation remains controversial but may confer some neuro-protection .
ABCC2 is commonly localized in apical cell membranes and could confer cisplatin resistance .
MUC1 is associated with cellular transformation and can confer resistance to genotoxic agents .
Checkpoint controls confer order to the cell cycle and help prevent genome instability .
Breast-feeding may confer beneficial metabolic effects after GDM and should be encouraged .
The media can confer status to a social issue and reinforce social norms .
However , other pathways have evolved independently and confer specific characteristics to flowering responses .
Diatheses confer vulnerability to disorder but are not necessarily manifest overtly or consistently .
They are relatively easy to harvest and confer several benefits at the donor site .
Yet , the underlying mechanisms by which CR confer microvascular protection remain elusive .
The underlying mechanism by which these confer pathogenicity is not well understood .
We propose an intergenerational multiple deficit model in which both parents confer cognitive risks .
Probiotic bacteria are live microorganisms which confer to health benefits of the host .
These data suggest that certain HLA alleles confer susceptibility/protection to severe dengue infections .
Together , these morphological features confer on the PED an efficient fluid absorption capability .
