How these proteins connect the parasite and host cell has not previously been described .
Intercellular bridges are evolutionarily conserved structures that connect differentiating germ cells .
Electrons surf sound waves to connect the quantum dots .
In addition , such cables were often found to connect cells .
Medical scientists have recently attempted to connect these two great pandemics .
Using technology to connect the dots .
Bond order indexes are useful measures that connect quantum mechanical results with chemical understanding .
[No ban to connect registries to economic control ] .
ED navigators connect patients to better venues of care .
Video communication is increasingly used to connect people around the world .
Transcriptome analysis is a powerful strategy to connect genotype to phenotype of a cell .
We describe features of the data that connect this increase to behavioral changes .
PoAc and BSTL connect bidirectionally by the stria terminalis .
Yes , you can connect with the boss .
Few PHRs can connect with other tools .
The new social learning : connect better for better health .
Discussion of clinical experience encouraged students to connect to the affective aspects of learning .
The distal penetration point appears to connect to the proximal uncalcified thin point .
Linking sectors to connect resources and expertise was considered essential .
Two anterior bellies connect each other and thus they formed a loop .
Select adhesion molecules connect pre- and postsynaptic membranes and organize developing synapses .
The filaments are curved and connect single or neighboring pores .
These structures enclose sarcomeres and connect adjacent cardiocytes through functional gap junctions .
The adherens junction functions to connect epithelial cells and maintain their polarized architecture .
How the two modules connect mechanistically to regulate directed edge motion is not understood .
Reason to connect .
Health effects of fine particulate air pollution : lines that connect .
This device is particularly easy to fabricate and to connect to fiber systems .
The VOM contains ICN that connect with the AV node and can trigger AF .
Filamins are large proteins that cross-link actin filaments and connect to other cellular components .
