This increase is distressing especially when we consider the current knowledge of preventive measures .
To optimize the results of PCNL , urologists should consider careful patient selection .
Physicians should consider LD pharmacokinetics when treating elderly PD patients .
Need job , will travel : consider locum tenens .
Practitioners could devise ways to better engage and support those families who consider moving .
Preventing retained items : time to consider technology ?
Toxicologists should consider therapeutic acetaminophen use as a cause of ALT elevation .
Almost 50 % of electrophysiologists consider lead extraction in these latter situations .
This becomes evident when we consider their transport behavior under blood flow in microcirculation .
Why do surgeons consider leaving practice ?
Patients mostly consider that CRF must be tolerated .
Hospitals should consider moving to opt-out routine HIV testing of all medical admissions .
It is important to consider both pharmacokinetics and pharmacogenetics in optimizing gemcitabine accumulation .
These favourable findings point to consider PRGF as a therapy for OA .
It is also important to consider PEH as a rare condition of gingival overgrowth .
Social considerations in research : consider them but do n't use them .
We consider diamond interfaces and quantitatively evaluate the effects of surface orientation and passivation .
Two case examples are considered and we consider DNA , fibres and eyewitness evidence .
Three critical issues to consider before implementing a new genome-cohort study in Japan .
Key questions to consider in stalking cases .
Although many studies examine patterns across populations within species , few consider such non-independence .
To examine and critique the risks of cosmetic surgery and consider implications for practice .
Echocardiographers should be more aware of LVHT and consider its differential diagnoses .
They survey the differential diagnosis of manipulative behavior and consider specific treatment strategies .
Angle-dependence may be an important factor to consider in avoiding potentially distort clinical diagnoses .
This is important to consider in the context of concomitant chemoradiotherapy schedules using IMRT .
Compatibility thus becomes an important factor to consider for optimal rating scale performance .
Patients consider the LUTS as physiological and are resigned to endure them .
Clinicians can consider NIRS monitoring in patients during ablation procedures and in critical care .
Consumers consider quality in deciding on a hospital , but measurements differ .
