Authors of clinical trial reports should be encouraged to consult the CONSORT statement .
Patients vary widely when making decisions to consult primary care .
Dentists encouraged to consult reliable sources in potential influenza pandemic .
A high proportion of teenagers and young adults consult their GP .
One of the most common reasons why students consult counselling centres is depression .
Vaginal discharge was frequent and incited patients to consult a gynecologist .
They were instructed to consult with a gynecologist after any positive result .
It is unclear whom patients prefer to consult about their problems following cancer treatment .
Medical imaging : how to get the best radiological consult in 1986 .
[Evaluation of the off-site preanaesthetic consult in Lorraine ] .
Expectations and experience of people who consult in training practice .
Ethical consideration in the medical care of adolescents who consult for treatment of gonorrhea .
Policy-makers rarely consult adolescents during development of health policies .
Forensic pathologists frequently consult anthropologists for the identification of skeletonized human remains .
Parents may consult family physicians about the safety of dance training for their children .
When in doubt , consult a dentist as soon as possible .
Do as suggested , send your consult along with a harsh letter .
[Accelerating consult letter time in inpatient psychiatric and psychotherapeutic care ] .
Most South African urban Blacks consult witchdoctors .
Infection consult .
Infection consult .
The patient should be well informed and must consult the dermatologist weekly .
All patients undergone neurologic consult and brain computed tomography .
Subscales were compared between parents who did and did not consult a clinician .
Women value interdependence , and they consult friends and readily accept help .
Please consult an attorney concerning your compliance with HIPAA and the regulations promulgated thereunder .
Please consult an attorney concerning your compliance with HIPAA and the regulations promulgated thereunder .
The involved patients were followed up via telephone contact and consult of medical recording .
They have less access to prenatal care and consult later in pregnancy than controls .
Take your time , consult with respected professionals and insist on the best .
