Thus , CBP and p300 constitute likely candidates for transcriptional coactivators in memory formation .
DesB may thus constitute a novel drug target .
They therefore constitute crucial actors to understand pharmacology of these drugs .
Bloodstains often constitute the major physical evidence in crime investigation .
Home injury is thought to constitute a major health burden in most developed countries .
Romanies constitute the largest minority group belonging to different subgroups in Hungary .
Of these , five constitute a significant molecular cluster of infection .
In Arabidopsis thaliana , central circadian clock genes constitute several feedback loops .
OCCCs constitute a heterogeneous disease at the genomic level despite having similar histological features .
Whether or not circumboreal lichen species really constitute monophyletic groups has seldom been tested .
Metallothioneins constitute a family of cysteine proteins and play a significant role as anti-oxidants .
Many resale practices are legitimate , but others may constitute illegal drug diversion .
Sixty-nine responded ( 38 % ) and constitute the subjects studied .
These Ago2 : pre-miRNA complexes are catalytically active in vitro and constitute non-canonical RISCs .
Bladder pheochromocytomas are extremely rare and constitute less than 5 % of bladder tumors .
Early stricture relapse may constitute ground for considering early surgical reconstruction .
The final 30 items constitute the CALIPSO .
RGS proteins constitute a large family that modulates heterotrimeric G-protein signaling .
This suggests that in the prepubertal phase juvenility may constitute a stress-sensitive period .
Together with the adrenergic cells , the interrenals constitute the adrenal homolog in teleosts .
In addition , region alpha 655-670 might constitute a minor antigenic site of HIR .
These constitute a uncommon pathology , but with a mortality rate greater 70 % .
However , there is no clear agreement on what key elements constitute CR .
Some clusters constitute around 1 % of chromosomal DNA .
Alterations of the ' native ' epigenetic imprint might constitute such a novel mechanism .
At this time , ammonium and urea each constitute about one-half of this excretion .
