Prostaglandins may induce or inhibit platelet aggregation and constrict ro dilate blood vessels .
The potency to constrict the strips was greater in 4-AP than in TEA .
Pilocarpine failed to constrict his pupils .
5-HT2A receptors constrict the portal venous system including oesophageal collaterals in cirrhosis .
Anoxia did not constrict the isolated arteries .
Six of the eight basic NSAIDs did not constrict the fetal ductus .
Cutaneous arteries are known to constrict in response to cooling via alpha2C-adrenoceptors .
Large arterioles continued to constrict in response to Doxo during hyperthermia .
Simulated microgravity depresses the ability of arteries to constrict to norepinephrine ( NE ) .
Isolated chloroplast division machinery can actively constrict after stretching .
Following yohimbine the same vessels did not constrict significantly .
Outer medullary descending vasa recta constrict in response to angiotensin II and pressure increases .
Leukotriens and other biological active lipides generally constrict pulmonary vessel and promote microvascular permeability .
Intraperitoneal cholinergic drugs constrict these stomata and may reduce peritoneal cavity lymphatic absorption .
Furthermore , they constrict coronary arteries and have a negative inotropic effect .
Spontaneously obstructed asthmatics constrict their airways after a DI .
In conclusion , hyperinsulinemia and metformin infusion constrict resistance arterial vessels in vivo .
Does phenylephrine constrict coronary arteries during isoflurane - induced hypotension in dogs ?
The ring cells expand to constrict the ring and thus immobilize the nematode .
LTC4 and LTD4 cause vasoconstriction in guinea-pig skin and constrict guinea-pig pulmonary artery .
Calcium repletion caused the arterioles to constrict further .
Furthermore , the arterioles of the surrounding normal tissue constrict completely .
Cderiv caused host arterioles to constrict .
The iris arterioles constrict significantly in hyperoxia and dilate in hypoxia .
Both PA and DA constrict with vasoconstrictors and dilate with vasodilators .
In different experimental situations , fatty acids either constrict or dilate arteries .
At least 16 naturally occurring peptides either constrict or dilate blood vessels .
Order 3 vessels did not constrict or dilate .
Roof-forming cells constrict apically and express high levels of Broad protein .
