To construct a mammalian cell surface display library of full-length human antibodies .
Computational algorithms to construct structural models from SAXS experimental data are reviewed .
Mannoproteins construct the outer cover of the fungal cell wall .
To construct a full-thickness biological substitute of the rabbit cornea by tissue engineering .
To construct eukaryotic expression vectors by using the pSilencer3 .
To construct quality measures with measurement validity and meaning for clinicians .
Moreover , we construct Wald- and Fieller-based confidence intervals on RR .
We construct finite mass , asymptotically flat black hole solutions in d=5 Einstein-Yang-Mills-Chern-Simons theory .
[To construct the national system for the management of glaucoma ] .
To construct Gadd45a expression plasmid and induce its expression in human T cells .
To construct the recombinant eukaryotic expression vector pTARGET-TCR Vbeta8.2 and detect its their expression .
This creates the boundaries that confine and construct the image of nursing .
In this paper we construct a graph-based normalization algorithm for non-linear data analysis .
Here we construct 31 unique cysteine substitutions in the first 42 residues of TatB .
Since 1990 , there have been great advances in how developmental researchers construct poverty .
To construct and identify the express library of album pollen allergens cDNA .
To construct and express Hsp70 - HSV2gD fusion protein .
Both stents are easy to construct and manage .
We construct confidence intervals , perform residual analysis , and apply other diagnostics .
Most of them construct decoy peptide sequences and then generate theoretical spectra accordingly .
We construct a control system for the joint model and verify its control performance .
Non-invasive measurement of cell viability in 3-dimensional cell culture construct .
A PCR-based technique to construct T-vectors for high-throughput cloning of PCR products .
Tumor targeting by a multivalent single-chain Fv ( scFv ) anti-Lewis Y antibody construct .
We construct complex networks at different frequencies and then detect community structures .
In the latter two cases we construct the solutions and analyze their linear stability .
