Weak C-H ... O and C-H ... N links consolidate the packing .
Previous algorithms helped to consolidate the utility of computational modeling in this field .
Early high resolution imaging may predict diagnosis and consolidate clinical management plans .
Weak inter-molecular C-H ... O inter-actions further consolidate the crystal packing .
Weak inter-molecular C-H ... O inter-actions further consolidate the packing .
Inter-molecular O-H ... O hydrogen bonds further consolidate the crystal packing .
Overexpression of hcrt in zebrafish has been reported to consolidate wakefulness and inhibit rest .
Observed positive change justifies increased support to consolidate gains and achieve sustainable universality .
This should be complemented by efforts to restructure and consolidate the national Veterinary Services .
Synaptic consolidation is a process thought to consolidate memory in the brain .
Competitors agree to consolidate obstetrics at one Minn. facility .
We have attempted to consolidate this information into one source .
Future research is warranted to consolidate and strengthen the results of this review .
The best way forward is to consolidate and refine existing specifications .
Providers of home healthcare expand and consolidate to meet rising demand .
Honeybees consolidate navigation memory during sleep .
In this review we consolidate both historic knowledge and recent scientific findings .
In the crystal , weak C-H ... O inter-actions consolidate the packing .
Cognitive aids ( CAs ) consolidate management and assist treatment decisions .
Eight ways to consolidate economic integration and migration were indicated .
Is it to consolidate or transform it ?
Modeling , the essential step to consolidate and integrate a national NMDS .
One memory , two ways to consolidate ?
Specialty practices consolidate : new litigation emerges .
[In 2010 , let us consolidate what we have acquired ! ] .
Gendered career considerations consolidate from the start of medical education .
Novel mutations consolidate KCTD7 as a progressive myoclonus epilepsy gene .
lhb-GFP expression later consolidate in the developing pituitary by 2 weeks postfertilization .
