Indirect methods consist of de-phosphorylation of the nucleotides into nucleosides before the actual analysis .
Findings consist of interpretations of clinical stories to uncover knowledge embedded in practice .
Metazoan genomes primarily consist of non-coding DNA in comparison to coding regions .
Circoviruses consist of highly prevalent and genetically diverse porcine and avian pathogens .
Therefore , CSGC appears to consist of testicular somatic cell cells .
Brain circuits are generally thought to consist solely of neurons communicating with other neurons .
Hypoxidaceae consist of three well-supported major clades , but their interrelationships remain unresolved .
The ontologies consist of about 200 concepts and around 125 individuals .
Human Legionella infections mainly consist of community-acquired and nosocomial pneumonia and rarely affect children .
Complications of frenotomy are rare and consist mainly of self-limited minor bleeding .
Included studies are methodologically diverse and consist of different refugee populations .
Vaginal hygiene practices are very common and consist primarily of washing with water .
They consist of a pluristratified structure whose composition assures their cohesion and elasticity .
Supramolecular polymers consist of bifunctional monomers that join and break reversibly .
Traditional anti-cancer treatments consist of chemotherapeutic drugs that effectively eliminate rapidly dividing tumor cells .
The eukaryotic groups consist of protozoa , yeasts and fungi .
The droplets consist of neutral lipids , mostly triacylglycerides and cholesterol esters .
Autosomal abnormalities mainly consist of balanced translocations , mostly robertsonian .
The complications of pelvic fracture consist bleeding , nervous and urological injuries .
[In what do the teaching functions of a health institution consist ? ] .
The diet schedule consist natural foodstuffs , fibers , minerals and vitamins .
The data are consistent with models in which rings consist of coiled protofilaments .
Bone lesions consist of osteomas--isolated or in clusters--in the maxilla and mandible .
Cryogenic grinders generally consist of precoolers and grinder with the cryogen distribution system .
The majority of cases are fortunately mild and consist merely of chorio-amnionitis .
