QOF scores also vary according to contract status .
DJ-7141 also acted on the postsynaptic alpha-2 adrenoceptors to contract the dog saphenous vein .
PMS was found to contract intestinal muscle .
Skinned skeletal muscle cells can be induced to contract by adding Ins 1,4,5P3 .
From cliche to contract : a systematic approach to an independent ET practice .
These ventricles were stimulated to contract synchronously during diastole .
The papillary muscles contract by the same amount of chordal straightening .
The impact of environmental stressors and types of work contract on occupational stress .
Psychiatry 's contract with society : what is expected ?
While critically ill patients experience a life-threatening illness , they commonly contract ventilator-associated pneumonia .
Practice size and quality attainment under the new GMS contract : a cross-sectional analysis .
Large hospitals hiring contract managers to reduce expenses .
Other muscles , including contralateral muscles , often contract .
The software development contract .
The sarcomeres of insect asynchronous flight muscles contract only slightly .
Thus all concentrations of 5-HT contract the aorta by stimulating receptors distinct from alpha-adrenoreceptors .
The village governments contract handpump repair out to these women .
They contract infection from older animals in the animal room .
In the physiological range O2 did not contract the umbilical venous smooth muscle .
Coding of contract status aids in cost control .
Monitor to investigate CCGs ' contract decision in test case .
Myoblasts in MC-cultures fuse into polynucleated myotubes which become striated and contract spontaneously .
In six rats , wounds were allowed to granulate and contract .
Expand and contract .
Adult cardiomyocytes did not contract in culture or immediately after implantation .
The temporal artery can contract substantially after excision and before tissue fixation .
The retinal cones of teleost fish contract at dawn and elongate at dusk .
Alpha 1-adrenoceptors contributed to maintain the detrusor tone and contract the bladder base .
Women with disabilities can and do contract sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) .
We find that duplication events can both expand and contract the space of patterns .
