Frequent open air baths may contribute to decreased melatonin levels .
Can the patient perspective contribute to quality of nutritional care ?
CD40 - activated B cells contribute to mesothelioma tumor regression .
A biobehavioral framework guides this discussion of factors that may contribute to SCD fatigue .
Conversely , greater heterogeneity in resource productivity is expected to contribute to stability .
This approach is not likely to contribute to an increase in resistance rates .
Mechanisms underlying these abnormalities are complicated , and several factors contribute to their pathogenesis .
This stimulation might contribute in part to HSC senescence and ultimately compromise immunity .
Relapses contribute to increased morbidity , and complicate malaria elimination programs .
ADE is associated with phenotypic variability and may contribute to complex genetic diseases .
Secretion of ovarian hormones is reduced post-menopause and may contribute to cognitive function .
Did premature extubation cause or contribute to death ?
M2 polarized macrophages and giant cells contribute to myofibrosis in neuromuscular sarcoidosis .
Racial disparity in death from colorectal cancer : does vitamin D deficiency contribute ?
The shrinkage and contraction of apoptotic cells contribute little to the extrusion process .
For divalent ions , they contribute a small , albeit significant , correction .
In summary , processed herbs contribute significant amounts of AC to the diet .
Multiple telencephalic and extratelencephalic embryonic domains contribute neurons to the medial extended amygdala .
The extent to which other genes contribute to this process is unclear .
We examined the ways in which non-native species currently contribute to conservation objectives .
It is a complex disease in which genetic and environmental factors contribute to susceptibility .
The mitochondrial haplogroup may contribute some genetic risk for coronary heart disease .
Routine SIS for patients with normal TVS did not contribute additional findings .
Genetic factors contribute approximately half of the total risk for urgency incontinence .
Noncholinergic neurons also contribute and comprise GABAergic neurons and other possibly glutamatergic neurons .
The cause of headache is likely multifactorial , and SCD-specific factors may contribute .
BV adjustments contribute , but are not key , to altitude acclimatization .
Throughout , subcortical structures such as the amygdala are likely to contribute these enhancements .
Such an abnormal distribution could be involved in--or contribute to--the initiation of cholestasis .
DNA extraction protocols themselves were not found to contribute significant variation .
