Familial connections continue to be important to Latino youth .
Still , both researchers ( and payors ) continue to ask some fundamental questions .
Current business leaders continue to adopt e-learning technology despite concerns regarding its value .
However , EMS providers continue to insert IV lines on scene .
Hospitals continue to struggle to implement successful programmes that meet these objectives .
Ongoing surveillance of circulating genotypes should continue in anticipation of universal rotavirus vaccine introduction .
Allergic rhinitis affects millions of Americans and the numbers continue to increase .
Challenges continue to exist and continued improvement in design is necessary .
Guiding catheters and balloons will continue to evolve and hopefully become easier to use .
The patient decided to continue additional chemotherapy with GEM and hyperthermia .
Of the soldiers with ADHS , 55.6 % were able to continue their duty .
The parents elected to continue the pregnancy .
Decisions to continue or cease performing surgery were made by individual surgeons .
Outstanding issues are few and will continue to be discussed .
Birds have been and continue to be enlightening , comparative models in auditory research .
Follow-up is expected to continue through 2012 .
Shortages of nurses are expected to continue throughout the coming decade .
Exanthema after a stress Tc-99m sestamibi study : continue with a rest sestamibi study ?
She was able to continue treatment after switching from pegylated interferon to conventional interferon .
However , it was possible to successfully continue therapy with only temporary interruption .
The momentum is likely to continue as additional states file new legislation .
Despite such extraordinary efforts , accidental melts continue to occur and plague the industry .
Treatment will continue for 18 months or until recurrence or unacceptable adverse events occur .
Schizophrenia symptoms typically continue in later years and include ongoing psychotic symptoms .
Many patients use ( long-acting ) bronchodilators , whilst they continue smoking alongside .
Seventy-seven percent would continue screening >75 .
Private clinics continue explosive growth .
Non-progressing patients could continue treatment within a compassionate use setting .
An interactive voice response system to continue a hospital-based smoking cessation intervention after discharge .
Due to demographic changes this tendency will probably continue .
