Escherichia coli proteins that routinely contaminate IMAC purifications have been characterized to date .
Procedures that contaminate multidose vials may accelerate transmission efficiency .
Perfluorinated surfactants contaminate German waters .
However , such strategies often deteriorate or contaminate the functional carbon surfaces .
However , Lm may survive the treatment and then contaminate food products .
Aluminum is a toxic element known to contaminate parenteral nutrition .
Second , personnel may contaminate the patients , but rarely do so .
PMA may contaminate lymphokine preparations and can interfere with interleukin bioassays .
HBCD and TBBPA contaminate the environment and are found in human blood samples .
Motion artefact and/or poor peripheral perfusion can contaminate the PPG during monitoring .
Because of this damage most of the eggs contaminate the perianal tract .
Due to their presence in the air they can contaminate test samples .
The organism is excreted in animal faeces and can contaminate water catchment areas .
Copper is transported to deeper soils ' horizons and can potentially contaminate groundwater .
This procedure becomes error-prone between more divergent sequences and can contaminate biomolecular databases .
Especially worrisome is its capacity to contaminate humans in close contact with affected animals .
Naturally infected calves were allowed to contaminate 16 plots on monthly basis .
This lack is found to contaminate existing theory regarding selective attention and brain function .
Pathogens may contaminate ready-to-eat meat products after cooking but before packaging .
Bacteria contaminate the uterus of most dairy cattle after parturition and endometritis causes infertility .
Biofilms trap these pathogens and can contaminate water supplies through subsequent release .
Fusarium spp. in maize can contaminate grain with mycotoxins harmful to humans and animals .
Fungi contaminate natural and processed olives which support AFB1 and OTA production .
TT virus does not contaminate first-generation recombinant factor VIII concentrate .
