The normal-starch total mixed ration did not contain exogenous amylase ( NS- ) .
These libraries contain predetermined volumes with corresponding administration rate limits .
Interglacial deposits contain thermophilic palms suggesting warm and wet climates .
All diets were corn-soybean meal based and formulated to contain 1.26 % total Lys .
Treatment and control groups were arranged to contain 10 cases each .
Most societies elaborate ways to contain increasing health care expenditures .
Global functional assessments contain few cognitive items and may lack psychometric rigour .
Ti-15Zr-4Nb-4Ta alloy does not contain any cytotoxic elements and has a high mechanical strength .
Tumour-derived microvesicles contain interleukin-8 and modulate production of chemokines by human monocytes .
In total , these genomes contain more than 34 million single - nucleotide variants .
The PRKs contain three tandem HR1 domains at their N - termini .
The impurities contain alkyl substitution on the piperidine nitrogen , producing tertiary amine species .
The two compounds are isostructural and contain two crystallographically independent molecules .
However , brain metastasis-associated blood vessels are dilated and contain numerous dividing endothelial cells .
Full economic evaluations of hypertension management programmes are scarce and contain methodological limitations .
The adult mouse and human pancreas contain rare multipotent stem cells that express insulin .
Boreal forests contain diverse fungal communities that form essential ectomycorrhizal symbioses with trees .
Suberised cell walls contain both polyaliphatic and polyaromatic domains which are supposedly cross-linked .
However , no glial cells are seen to contain tau in their cytoplasm .
In yeast , the inositolphosphorylceramides mostly contain C26:0 fatty acids .
Organic crops are often thought to contain more phenolic secondary metabolites than conventional ones .
Marine organisms contain arsenic at high levels , both in water-soluble and lipid-soluble forms .
They contain a dimer in the asymmetric unit and diffract to 2.7 A .
Neutrophils also take up particles such as silica and in addition they contain lysosomes .
Technical mixtures of nonylphenol ( NP ) contain over 20 p-substituted isomers .
Except for Abeta , plaques contain several other components which co-precipitate together with Abeta .
After the contours are digitized , each contour could contain over 1000 points .
Granulomas physically contain and immunologically restrain bacteria that cannot be cleared .
Human platelets contain and secrete osteonectin , a major protein of mineralized bone .
The complexes frequently contain or interact with nucleic acids .
