Transporters also cooperate with Phase I/Phase II metabolism enzymes by eliminating drug metabolites .
Macrophages and neutrophils cooperate in immune responses to Leishmania infection .
Neutrophils and macrophages are phagocytic cells that cooperate during inflammation and tissue repair .
Sonic hedgehog and notch signaling can cooperate to regulate neurogenic divisions of neocortical progenitors .
These factors and events likely cooperate to dictate the mobility of particular proteins .
Thus , the transmembrane and cytoplasmic domains cooperate to promote dimerization of PSGL-1 .
Tissue samples and follow up data are used to cooperate with molecular genetical laboratories .
Anxious adolescents were also more likely than controls to cooperate after co-player betrayal .
Most critically ill patients cannot cooperate for the performance of the test as described .
One child could not cooperate at all and was excluded from the evaluations .
In several promoters these two complexes cooperate but their functional linkage is unknown .
Recombinant IL-21 and anti-CD4 antibodies cooperate in syngeneic neuroblastoma immunotherapy and mediate long-lasting immunity .
One cases did n't cooperate , and excluded .
Micro-scale and meso-scale architectural cues cooperate and compete to direct aligned tissue formation .
Infant pointing : communication to cooperate or communication to learn ?
The patients were all fully conscious and could cooperate in a detailed investigation .
Humans make decisions about when and with whom to cooperate based on their reputations .
She was alert but did not cooperate well due to severe dementia and dysarthria .
How the tube is placed depends on whether the patient can or will cooperate .
[Alcohol public policies in Brazil : to fight or to cooperate ? ] .
Fight , copy or cooperate ?
Little is known of the mechanism by which these enzymes cooperate to induce silencing .
Mechanisms by which they cooperate are poorly understood .
But there is a simpler strategy in which any number of laboratories can cooperate .
However , the way in which MDSC cooperate with Treg remains elusive .
[Community-based comprehensive cooperate care for elderly ] .
In control experiments , people could only cooperate or defect .
According to the macrophage-network theory , local macrophages cooperate with other tissue macrophages .
