Nursing schools to teach new ways to cope with death .
This chapter provides various sources on uncertainty and methods to cope with this challenge .
How will fish that evolved at constant sub-zero temperatures cope with global warming ?
Simple guidelines on how dental practitioners can cope with such patients are presented .
Not at any cost : organizations help patients cope with costs of cancer care .
This system could help PMNs cope with an overwhelming infection by A. actinomycetemcomitans .
How to cope with complexity and adapt new scenarios to patient care .
All patients improved functionally and could cope with their routine activities .
Cells have to cope with stressful conditions and adapt to changing environments .
A living system must cope with and adapt to environmental fluctuations to survive .
They cope with malfunctions and the respective deletions strengthen the Deltanep1 growth deficiency .
Stress and how bacteria cope with death and survival .
Their concerns related to experiencing distressing symptoms or worrying how family members would cope .
How do nurses cope when values and practice conflict ?
How individuals cope with the treatment process may relate to why neurocognitive problems arise .
Phenotypic plasticity is considered the major means by which plants cope with environmental heterogeneity .
The process by which children cope with stressful events is a very relevant topic .
Individuals vary in the way in which they cope with stressful situations .
Where treatment fails , individuals have to find ways to cope and adjust .
How much longer can nurse be expected to cope and ' make do ' ?
Helping nursing students to better cope and manage their overall health .
Breast cancer in a wife : how husbands cope and how well it works .
Tomorrow 's professionals : who are they and how will they cope ?
AIDS : what is at stake and how nurses cope .
Anyhow , to cope with DNA crosslinks a cell needs a functional FANC pathway .
Therefore , Japanese dentists have to cope with various oral symptoms along with aging .
Girls employed significantly more strategies to cope with stress compared to boys .
It is yet not known why some cope well and others do not .
Most common strategies used to cope stress was task-oriented while emotion oriented was least .
Cadaver dissection--need to cope the inevitable stressor .
