Newly corrected data from the remaining three systems generally corroborate this increase .
These prospective findings corroborate recommendations from previous cross-sectional studies .
Numerical simulations corroborate the analytic predictions with good precision .
However , controlled studies are needed to corroborate the results we found .
Evaluation of treatment response requires objective data to corroborate subjective impressions .
Exploratory factor analysis was used to corroborate the allocation of items to domains .
The findings corroborate prior explanations and implicate new ones .
Our findings corroborate recent molecular hypotheses , but also identify several hitherto unrecognized relationships .
Limited prospective data corroborate these findings , but larger prospective studies are urgently required .
We corroborate our experimental transport directions by comparing experimental with theoretical transport phase diagrams .
Cox survival analyses corroborate these findings from multiple sequential logistic regression analyses .
The study results corroborate caffeine as an alternative as an important Ae .
Further studies are needed to corroborate findings and elucidate mechanism of action .
Further investigation may be needed to corroborate the mechanism or bring up reliable reasons .
It is usually self-limiting and may corroborate success .
Data obtained from this study population corroborate previously defined normal amniotic fluid volumes .
Our results corroborate the nonentity of the celiac compression syndrome .
These results corroborate that basidiomycetes can be a rich source of potential antiviral compounds .
We presen additional evidence to corroborate the existence of S. perla as a species .
Furthermore , we aimed to corroborate our findings in a humanized mouse model .
Additional research is needed to corroborate these findings in other nurse samples and settings .
These findings corroborate and extend observations linking cognitive impairment and ambulation .
These findings corroborate and extend previous results showing deficits in emotion perception in FTLD .
These results partially corroborate and extend stimuli were presented tachistoscopically or dichotically .
Further research is needed to corroborate and specify these assumptions .
Larger comparative studies are required to corroborate or contest these findings .
Further studies are also needed to corroborate or dispute these findings .
These results corroborate well with microarray gene expression data .
The results thus corroborate with the traditionally acclaimed hair growth-promoting capabilities of the plants .
Study results corroborate with research .
