Sex differences in the dorsolateral telencephalon correlate with home range size in blenniid fish .
Does fusion status correlate with patient outcomes in lumbar spinal fusion ?
This volume peak did not correlate with estradiol or progesterone hormone levels .
Further , the risk effect seemed to correlate with increased TMEM106B expression in patients .
CTA-SI have been previously reported to correlate with CBV .
Distinct molecular expression signatures in each group were found to correlate with histopathology .
To correlate testosterone levels in OSAS patients with laboratory parameters .
Several doses of bacteria are used to correlate bacterial numbers with luminescence .
Future studies aim to correlate B-G variation with group and individual immunological differences .
Serum MMP-9 levels correlate with arterial stiffness and predict cardiovascular risk .
Neoparamoeba sp. was present , but its abundance did not correlate with the disease .
ACTH immunometric assays correlate closely to RIA and offer similar diagnostic utility .
These results were specific to P. jirovecii and did not correlate with adenovirus .
N1 was larger in older adults but did not correlate with accuracy .
Competence scores were mutually correlated , but did not correlate with the knowledge score .
Linear regression analysis was performed to correlate the clinician 's and CORECTS scores .
Logistic regression analysis was used to correlate sulcal visualization and postnatal development .
Pearson test was used to correlate each scale .
Few data correlate these biomarkers with locoregional ( LR ) recurrence .
Here we correlate device electrical characteristics with local atomic structure , chemistry and temperature .
We can therefore directly correlate changes in cell behavior to changes in terminal differentiation .
Perceptual and motor responses did not correlate .
These " somatic/physical " side effects did not correlate with CGI-Parents or CGI-Teachers .
The presentation of these symptom clusters may similarly correlate .
Obtain postsurgical acoustic and aerodynamic measurements and correlate multiple objective parameters with perceptual results .
This provides opportunities to systematically correlate structure with properties and hence optimize performance .
To analyse clinical and patient parameters , and to correlate these with outcome .
Also , to correlate various hematological and radiological findings associated with M.pneumoniae infection .
Correlation analysis was performed to study how these indices correlate one another .
Further studies should correlate dimensions of staff attitudes to the occurrence of inpatient violence .
