Important differences correspond to context .
Women 's and men 's responses correspond to a large extent .
Our findings correspond to similar studies reported in the specialized literature .
MRI characteristically depicts areas of low signal intensity that correspond to dense collagen .
This is thought to correspond to free riboflavin following complete digestion of the sample .
Initial conditions are selected to correspond to the nu=1 excitation of the OH stretch .
All outcomes were discounted , and prices correspond to 2008 .
Other indications mainly correspond to research programs and are performed in public Hospitals .
This step might clinically correspond to a first-degree heart block , and be reversible .
The isolate belonged to the Sporolactobacillus genus and may correspond to a novel species .
The angle measurement is inaccurate and does not correspond to Cobb 's measuring method .
Experimental results are explained and correspond well with those of theoretical calculations .
More than 80 % of placental transcripts correspond to sFLT1_v2 .
Responses are typically faster when stimulus location and response location correspond .
They correspond to image translation and rotation , respectively .
These doses correspond to three and four times the ED95 dose .
According to their position and morphology these cells correspond to stellate neurons .
According to morphological features , macrocysts correspond to the S. rileyi species .
The first type cells correspond to the true apudocytes and produce serotonin and beta-endorphine .
Whether these measures correspond or are relevant to assess student performance is unknown .
Three functional predictions did not correspond , and 10 were novel .
They were likely to correspond to end products luminal in vivo digestion .
And cloning procedure simplifies to correspond results to each individuals .
In only one type did the moisture output correspond with ISO specifications .
In neonates , the incidence is low and may correspond to true excessive Lyonization .
