SMILE is a promising new flapless minimally invasive refractive procedure to correct myopia .
Newly our results of time-dependent light scattering study correct this presumption .
Vasopressors were used only to correct hypotension .
Propensity matching analysis was used to correct for population differences in risk factors .
Using PPT to correct for inconsistency in a speeded task .
Cone beam CT was applied at each fraction to correct for setup errors .
We established that polymerase proofreading and mismatch repair correct BIR errors .
Politically correct medicine .
A novel approach to correct retracted nipples .
Evaluating a parametric model to correct multiple sclerosis incidence for reporting delay .
A wedge cylindrical lens is used to correct astigmatism over a broadband spectral range .
Asymmetric Alfieri 's stitch to correct systolic anterior motion after mitral valve repair .
The steps taken to trace and correct these incidents are discussed with adequate data .
Preschoolers joke with jokers , but correct foreigners .
Stents have been recommended to correct procedural complications and improve long-term patency .
A comparison of creatinine vs. specific gravity to correct for urinary dilution of cotinine .
Endoscopic predictions for T1sm tumors were correct in only 72 % of cases .
A method to correct for spectral artifacts in optical-CT dosimetry .
Multiplanar reconstruction can correct malorientated scans and recover precision losses .
Dialysis may partially correct these defects , but cannot totally eliminate them .
NOS activity was decreased by diabetes , but insulin did not correct it .
A correct enthalpy relationship as thermal comfort index for livestock .
Conductive keratoplasty to correct residual hyperopia after cataract surgery .
Two-step laser in situ keratomileusis to correct high astigmatism after corneal autograft .
The correct and prompt diagnosis and accurate judgment of severity are necessary .
100 of cases which are complex and do not correct .
However , traditional operation methods cannot effectively correct cyrtosis or stabilize the spine .
3DUS can be used to image the cavity and correct for interfractional motion .
We are able to reliably detect errors and correct against qubit loss .
Symptom analyses were exploratory and hence did not correct for Type I error .
