Change in morphology was one of the strategies bacteria adopted to counter metal stress .
To counter the consequences of severe fetal thrombocytopenia , antenatal therapies have been implemented .
[Over the counter drugs--a new era in Israel ] .
The asymmetric organization of epithelial cells is a basic counter to cellular proliferation .
This runs counter to the finding of lower incidence of injury in hindlimbs .
' Libyan Trial ' : a verdict running counter to scientific evidence .
Low-cost molybdenum carbide and tungsten carbide counter electrodes for dye-sensitized solar cells .
Lysosomal pH and analysis of the counter ion pathways that support acidification .
It increases with age , while the endogenous defense mechanisms that counter them decrease .
Replacement tissue-equivalent proportional counter for the International Space Station .
Characterisation of the PSI whole body counter by radiographic imaging .
A new position recording system for the partial-body counter at KIT .
A high-sensitivity multidetector whole-body counter .
Organic redox couples and organic counter electrode for efficient organic dye-sensitized solar cells .
Real-world assessment of a metered-dose inhaler with integrated dose counter .
In search of a step counter criterion for the free-living condition .
In addition , measures to counter problems with non-isomorphism and radiation decay are described .
[Evidence - " counter public " as program. The development of pharmaceutical care ] .
Efforts need to counter inaccurate information and address the rationale for health practices .
[Adverse effect of antineoplastic chemotherapy and counter measures ] .
Animals have evolved two general strategies to counter injury and maintain physiological function .
Prognosticator 's advice : counter risk with innovation .
Cellular automaton simulation of pedestrian counter flow with different walk velocities .
These findings counter psychodynamically based assumptions on emotional behavior of asthmatics and their mothers .
The metallic wire in the pipette acts as both counter and reference electrode .
The sampler and sensor can be located remotely from the counter and readout devices .
Motor activity was recorded with an infra-red counter and behaviour videotaped .
This protein transports ATP to the cytoplasm and counter transports ADP into the mitochondria .
When to counter and when not .
When to counter and when not .
