Sense of entitlement in couple relationships : an attachment theory perspective .
Cessation of finasteride improved spermatogenesis and allowed the couple to attempt less-invasive fertility therapy .
To conduct molecular and prenatal diagnosis for a couple with beta thalassemia .
There is an increasing need in the worm community to couple genetics with biochemistry .
One elegant way to accomplish this is to couple them with asymmetric cell divisions .
Na+ was required to couple NADH oxidation with delta psi generation .
Many authors have suggested that this core oscillator should couple to other oscillatory pathways .
Pure organic redox couple for quantum-dot-sensitized solar cells .
A couple with male factor infertility due to Kartagener 's syndrome .
Defensins couple dysbiosis to primary immunodeficiency in Crohn 's disease .
Receptor tyrosine kinases couple a wide variety of extracellular cues to cellular responses .
Neurotransmitters couple brain activity to subventricular zone neurogenesis .
Individual differences in vagal regulation moderate associations between daily affect and daily couple interactions .
They both receive reciprocal counseling therapy in individual and couple sessions .
The copolymers was used to couple trypsin using EEDQ .
Counselling of a couple faced with a prenatal diagnosis of Klinefelter syndrome .
Personality pathology and its relation to couple functioning .
[A couple suffering acute respiratory illness due to waterproofing spray exposure ] .
The sexual couple : a psychoanalytic exploration .
Magnetic and superconducting interactions couple electrons together to form complex states of matter .
Coexisting difficulties and couple therapy outcomes : psychopathology and intimate partner violence .
The results of such studies have significant implications for couple and family therapists .
This implies less constraint on the couple and reduced costs for society .
Results support continued research on the association between couple functioning and mental health .
It can couple with protein G and has 7 transmembrane domains .
ACs of the same immunoreactivity may either couple or not couple to GCs .
These receptors couple to multiple G-proteins and regulate intracellular signaling pathways .
We performed 28 individual , couple , and group interviews with five families .
The pregnancy rate per cycle and couple was of 13.0 and 21.7 % respectively .
Social capital and inequality in health between single and couple parents in Sweden .
