Scar tissue was not excised and was used to cover the hamstring tendons .
Standard antibiotic prophylaxis provided cover for these combinations in only one of nine cases .
US Medicaid programme grows to cover 50 million low income people .
The contained target sequences cover 19 chromosomal arms and reference loci .
These data cover the entire non-institutionalized population aged >=65 years in 2007 .
Vestibular schwannomas are slow-growing tumors of the myelin-forming cells that cover cranial nerve VIII .
The cover .
The cover .
The cover .
Weather and land cover influences on mosquito populations in Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
Empiric therapy should cover Gram-positive , multidrug resistant and Gram-negative bacteria along with Candida .
FLIPPi affinity mutants cover P ( i ) changes over eight orders of magnitude .
As to research the ASiT could cover a wide range of nonadherence sources .
This strategy could be extended to cover communication areas in other contexts .
They were selected to cover the period up to 3 years after transplantation .
The influence of estuarine water quality on cover of barnacles and Enteromorpha spp .
The bio-tarp would also serve as an alternative daily cover during routine landfill operation .
On the cover .
Most cover crops established well and S. bicolor biomass was the highest .
Twenty-five percent of practices reported that PAs cover call and assist in the OR .
They cover absolutely greater distances and have the higher takeoff velocities .
On the cover - white poplar .
Swine manure injection with low-disturbance applicator and cover crops reduce phosphorus losses .
Additional data should be collected to cover natural variability and reduce uncertainty .
[Pharmacodynamic parameters to evaluate antibiotic cover as empirical treatment ] .
Climatological determinants of woody cover in Africa .
The potential of established turf cover for cleaning oily desert soil using rhizosphere technology .
Leaf size and cover of T. testudinum were estimated .
They are used to cover , protect , and embellish surfaces .
Cartilage tissue engineering is applied clinically to cover and regenerate articular cartilage defects .
