Their aim is to create virtual environments where surgeons are free to practice .
The 2004 Amsterdam Forum was established to create consensus guidelines for donor evaluation .
We propose that border ownership selectivity reflects mechanisms that create object continuity .
Can corruption of chromosome cohesion create a conduit to cancer ?
The physiological delicacy and small size of newborns create distinct challenges .
Enabling surgeons to create simulation-based teaching modules .
How to create a new emergency department in 21 days or less .
Polyrhythms create tension between a counter meter and the main meter .
Our objective was to create a test sensitive and specific to this cognitive dysfunction .
TGHQ retains the ability to redox cycle and create an oxidative stress .
An L-shaped retractor was used to create a working space and insert an endoscope .
Rapid HIV testing at home : does it solve a problem or create one ?
Therapeutic ultrasound to noninvasively create intracardiac communications in an intact animal model .
In yeast , DNA damage can create heterogeneous responses .
Many drugs create adverse effect because of insufficient solubility at the physiological pH .
The plaques did not create discomfort , change shape , or develop into malignancy .
It can create dose-response curves and calculate IC50 values .
These fractures create a tibio-fibular diastasis and disrupt the articular surface .
Reliable and reproducible chambers are expensive and may be difficult to create and maintain .
MARLIN , software to create , run , and analyse spatially realistic simulations .
Neurocentral synchondrosis screws to create and correct experimental deformity : a pilot study .
Merging organic and polymer chemistries to create glycomaterials for glycomics applications .
Suffering and the will to create .
Yet the compulsion to create alternated with the compulsion to destroy .
Such relationships highlight the possibility that social systemic beliefs may create and support heterosexism .
How do plants create and maintain cell polarity ?
The NCS screw epiphysiodesis can create and reverse scoliosis in an immature pig model .
In turn , this can create local resistance and modulate T- and B-cell-mediated immunity .
But they do indeed create value , and in two very different ways .
