Our process , which we call " direct imprinting of porous substrates ( DIPS ) " , utilizes reusable stamps with micro- and nanoscale features that are applied directly to a porous material to selectively compress or crush the porous network .
The remainders were either crush , or crush avulsion amputation .
The effects of injection location , titer , and time , as well as nerve crush and dexamethasone , were examined .
Look inside Clinton 's plan , and you can find the elements of a sleek , market-based system--but his proposed price controls could crush it .
Sweeping court decision could crush smog plans , rein in TRI and wetlands rules .
Unlike uric acid , the stones crush easily and do not react with uricase .
Procedures for bifurcation lesions were crush or modified crush technique in 64 , " T " stenting technique in 27 , modified " Y " stenting , kiss stenting , " V " stenting as well as culotte stenting technique in 11 , 5 , 3 and 3 , respectively .
The structure of the acute crush and the growing neurites was examined by light and electron microscopy in tissue fixed immediately after the crush had been made .
Recent improvement of the crushing apparatus has enabled us to crush the biliary calculus more accurately than before , and moreover , to conduct the procedure without anesthesia , and to treat easily .
Many individuals crush the tablets and snort the product to take advantage of the rapid transmucosal delivery of narcotics .
Neptune may crush methane into diamonds .
In order to curb the abuse potential of this drug , many treatment centers and prisons crush Subutex tablets before administering them to patients .
Women who use leaves said they crush them , insert them for several hours , then remove them before intercourse .
Here we theoretically examine the hypothesis that the cell rear is shaped by the disassembly clock : the front-to-rear lamellipodial width is defined by the time needed for the actin - adhesion network to disassemble to the point at which the membrane tension can crush this network .
For consuming buprenorphine the abusers crush the pill , dilute it and them inject the solution i.v. The subgroup of patients who use buprenorphine occasionally only take in when do n't have heroine and clinically they are not so deteriorated .
Sensorimotor functions are restored by peripheral nerve regeneration with greater success following injuries that crush rather than sever the nerve .
