In preparation for cryopreservation studies , smooth muscle cells that are difficult to cryopreserve using conventional preservation protocols were used to evaluate and compare the translocation potential of these two strategies using beta-galactosidase .
Japanese flounder ( Paralichthys olivaceus ) embryos are difficult to cryopreserve by vitrification .
Freshly collected oocytes were more difficult to cryopreserve than those matured in vitro .
It is widely accepted that it is possible to successfully cryopreserve human ovarian tissue by direct plunging into liquid nitrogen using permeable cryoprotectants only , without disaccharides .
To cryopreserve the enriched astrocytes under serum-free conditions , various cryoprotectants were examined .
The ability to cryopreserve this cell type with high efficiency adds considerable flexibility to cord blood transplantation .
In order to transport and cryopreserve human tissues , it is essential to have an easy-to-use recipient where tissues can be kept in sterile conditions .
The surplus of oocytes obtained during in vitro and gamete intrafallopian transfer creates the need to either ( 1 ) cryopreserve ( 196 degrees C ) or ( 2 ) fertilize these surplus oocytes and then freeze the resulting embryos .
The procedure proved to effectively cryopreserve both testicular cells and tissue .
Here , we describe a method to cryopreserve the sperm of the Greenshell ( TM ) mussel ( Perna canaliculus ) and how to use the sperm post-thawing to maximize larval production from thawed sperm in selective breeding .
ECBio has developed proprietary technology to consistently isolate , expand and cryopreserve a well-characterized population of stromal cells from human umbilical cord tissue ( UCX ( R ) cells ) .
The protocols explain how to isolate and culture isolated cells ; how to stain and analyze ; and also how to cryopreserve the gut .
In this chapter , we describe several protocols that we have used to cryopreserve these different sources of hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells , keeping in mind that the protocols may vary among transplant processing centers .
Regardless , the simple addition of CAT to present-day procedures will significantly improve this process , assuring increased and less variable fertilization success and allowing resource managers to dependably plan how many straws are needed to safely cryopreserve a genetic line .
These data suggest that they are sensitive to both the rate of chilling and the absolute temperature , and indicate that vitrification may be the only means to successfully cryopreserve these organisms .
[Controversy in ART : should we cryopreserve oocytes or embryos ? Do prefer oocytes ] .
We conclude that this freezing method can efficiently cryopreserve early cleavage stage mouse embryos .
This cryopreservation method could effectively cryopreserve peripheral blood stem cells .
After collection , the harvested cells usually undergo several processing steps to reduce the product volume , remove cells ( such as mature blood cells or tumor cells ) , or to cryopreserve the cells for later reinfusion .
The objective of this study was to obtain expanded blastocysts following intracytoplasmic sperm injection ( ICSI ) and Vero-cell co-culture , cryopreserve them at this stage , and transfer the frozen-thawed blastocysts to obtain pregnancies .
The ability to collect specific blood cells in large numbers , to manipulate their expansion , growth , and differentiation in vitro , and also to cryopreserve these cells for later use has been central to the early developments in gene therapy .
In conclusion , vitrification of human spermatozoa with non-permeable cryoprotectants such as HSA and sucrose can effectively cryopreserve the cells without significant loss of important physiological parameters .
Generally , HSPCs are supplied from companies , institutions , and cell banks that cryopreserve them for clinical and experimental use .
In conclusion , the present vitrification method could efficiently cryopreserve isolated human ovarian follicles encapsulated by calcium alginate , which could be put into immediate use ( in vitro culture/ maturation ) after warming .
Sperm from C57BL/6 mice are difficult to cryopreserve and recover .
The aim of this study was to cryopreserve by vitrification by ethylene glycol ( EG ) and dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) immature bovine oocytes in straws and to investigate the effects of vitrification on post-thaw oocyte maturation .
The ability to cryopreserve and successfully recover cell lines has been critical to the conservation of all cell lines , especially the preservation of pristine early-stage cultures and the preparation of well-characterized cell banks .
The practitioner also should be aware that there is large variation in semen quality from stallions , and that spermatozoa from some of the problem stallions can be improved by altering a " standard protocol , " but that semen from some stallions will not cryopreserve effectively , regardless of the efforts put forth .
To assess on which day to cryopreserve and transfer thawed embryos in good-responder patients by comparing the cycle outcomes of day 3 transfers vs blastocysts formed through extended culture before or after cryopreservation .
