MCFG administered for 10 days failed to cure C. glabrata infection .
Islet transplantation has the potential to cure type 1 diabetes .
Gene therapy has proven its potential to cure diseases of the hematopoietic system .
Antibiotics cure anthrax in animal models .
Surgical resection , liver transplantation and ablative therapies can cure early stage HCC .
Mixture cure model with random effects for clustered interval-censored survival data .
This treatment produces less morbidity than chemotherapy and will cure approximately two-thirds of patients .
Physicians are educated and trained to cure illness and save lives .
To cure the sick and be in peace .
Cevimeline is useful to cure diabetic xerostomia under insulin administration .
The standard of care must be to cure malaria by killing the last parasite .
Everyday problems in dentistry and some tips and suggestions on how to cure them .
Jugular vein ligation in selected patients can cure tinnitus and reverse hearing loss .
These substances neither cure the disease nor halt its progression .
Mastectomy will cure ductal cancer in situ but has a greater morbidity .
[Could we cure type 1 diabetes by stimulating T ( reg ) ? ] .
Mixture cure model with an application to interval mapping of quantitative trait loci .
Failure of meglumine antimoniate to cure cutaneous lesions due to Leishmania major in Algeria .
Anti-tuberculous therapy resulted in both clinical and radiological cure within 12 months .
Human fascioliasis : cure by mebendazole ? A case report .
Bithionol has been reported to cure over 90 % of infected patients .
To date , there are no effective ways to cure or reverse the disease .
Nitrofurantoin is the effective antimicrobial method to cure and prevent NIM .
Fosfomycin is the safe and effective antimicrobial method to cure and prevent NIDDM .
Narrative empowerment and the talking cure .
Potential strategies for an HIV infection cure .
Mandated health coverage competition may create more ills than it would cure .
[Consequences of the nonobservance of the criteria for gonorrhea cure in men ] .
[Use of the terrain cure in diseases of the circulatory organs in Kislovodsk ] .
Office cure for hydrocele ?
