GPU - based physical cut in interactive haptic simulations .
This tube ( 1 mm thick ) was cut in longitudinal direction .
The hands were transversely cut into 2-3-mm-thick slices .
In experimental group II , the LTN was cut and repaired primarily .
The right bronchus was dissected and wedge was cut out with the robotic scissors .
The specimens were cut axially at the maximum diameter and were histologically investigated .
Taking control of osteoporosis to cut down on risk of fracture .
Immunostains for IGF1R were performed on sections cut from the TMAs .
Perfectly cut out for each other .
Apex and basis was cut sagittally , and remaining slices were embedded in quadrants .
Sections were cut and stained with haematoxylin and eosin and examined microscopically .
Sections were cut and immunohistochemistry was carried out using a Pten antibody .
The isolated DNA can be cut by a range of restriction enzymes .
Degree applications hit record high as training places are cut .
Mechanical jaundice complicated by juxtapapillary ulcer can be cut off by endoscopic papillosphincterotomy .
The tissue area probed with OCT was marked and cut for histological examination .
The samples of hair were decontaminated with acetone and were cut into small segments .
The sulfated procollagens V were soon secreted and cut to sulfated p-collagens V .
At UPMC , improving care processes to serve patients better and cut costs .
Force required to cut the suture is inversely proportional to osteotome sharpness .
Bio-PIN could cut biobanking risks .
An aspirin a day could cut risk of cancer development , death .
Clear information can cut inequalities in learning disabilities .
Telemedicine may cut emergency admissions for COPD .
Treatment of penile carcinoma : to cut or not to cut ?
Nerves cut obliquely and rejoined showed better functional recovery than perpendicularly transected .
Back pain : to cut or not to cut .
In total , 226 respondents cut household expenses .
We cut 1 mm thick dentine discs with the IsoMet 1000 cutting machine .
Interestingly , a 98 bp intron 5 cut the 3'-UTR into two parts .
