In addition , several small compounds were found able to deactivate this opsin .
In end-of-life situations , decisions must be made about when to deactivate LVAD support .
Similarly , detoxifying enzymes exist and deactivate carcinogens as well as their intermediate by-products .
It has been confirmed that photodynamic therapy can efficiently deactivate malignant cells .
During PII , factors which deactivate DNA-binding sites may also have been induced .
Inability to deactivate sympathetic nervous system in brainstem infarct patients .
Phosphate substitution is found to deactivate sugar radical formation at the site of substitution .
Ammonium ions are believed to deactivate available silanol sites on both phases .
SRI can activate and deactivate a kinase , CheA , by the photochromic reaction .
Inorganic salt composites deactivate and clear 90Sr and Sr +2 from water .
Finally , these agents deactivate macrophages by distinct mechanisms .
However , males deactivate the pheromone within the first two days after emergence .
BPs are analogues of PPi and can suppress bone turnover but also deactivate TNSALP .
O - glucuronylation will deactivate alpha-hydroxytamoxifen and compete with sulphonation .
Unlike keratinocytes , fibroblasts lacked 11beta-HSD2 and could not effectively deactivate exogenously administered cortisol .
The dipolar derivatives deactivate mostly via electron transfer ( eT ) under polar conditions .
Our results support the notion that SARs deactivate due to overexcitation .
Triplet PP-Xs deactivate to the ground state without photochemical reactions .
Psychological defensive functioning can also deactivate these processes and allow psychosis to manifest .
Genes controlled by these regulons deactivate the oxidants and promote repair .
Short-chain alkyl sulfonates and sulfates did not deactivate LADH or alter its structure .
Astrocytic factors deactivate antigen presenting cells that invade the central nervous system .
They deactivate the HIV enzyme which allows HIV to attach to white blood cells .
This may deactivate those protein kinase C isoenzymes that inhibit insulin signalling .
