When and why do doctors decide to become general practitioners ?
Students decide to study medicine at an early age .
Doctors diagnose and prescribe : patients decide what to do .
A computer algorithm is used to decide between four cervical spine management strategies .
Longer follow-up studies are needed to decide on the optimal maintenance treatment .
These cases are often difficult to decide for surgical procedure especially in pediatric cases .
Patients will ultimately have to decide themselves whether they wish to discontinue drug treatment .
Timing of the diagnosis is important to decide the treatment .
A correct cytological diagnosis can help to decide the suitable management and operation .
After this , we can decide whether the tumor is benign or malignant .
Then , another person , a substitute , must decide for him .
Should the surgeon decide on relaparoscopy , then prompt action is of central importance .
Who should decide the best minimally invasive approach ?
Who will decide surgery 's future ?
The physician must decide the appropriate formulation for each woman .
Alternatives to hospital care : what are they and who should decide ?
Read and decide .
Read the evidence presented and decide if this summary is correct .
Consent and assessment of capacity to decide or refuse treatment .
Only the parents can decide whether they want more children or not .
Some complainants decide it is one ordeal too many and withdraw from the process .
Are noninvasive tests enough to decide upon a hybrid coronary artery revascularization strategy ?
In addition , each nurse must decide his or her position on these modalities .
Who should decide margin length in pulmonary excision of lung cancer ?
How to decide on surgery and get the best outcome from your new joint .
Using the platform one can see , feel and decide as in reality .
Videokeratography may help decide how to follow-up and treat a presumed self-limiting disease .
Stakeholders should decide whether formal follow-up or health surveillance is necessary .
Optionally , participants could decide for one option and reject one or more alternatives .
Hospitals , AHA must decide whether to fight or settle uninsured billing cases .
