Circulating estrogen levels and hippocampal-dependent cognitive functions decline with aging .
Oocyte quantity and quality naturally decline with advancing age .
Statewide NICU central-line-associated bloodstream infection rates decline after bundles and checklists .
Glutathione ( GSH ) levels progressively decline during aging and in neurodegenerative disorders .
HMOs posted large gains in enrollment , but most saw profits decline during 1986 .
Glucagon levels decline at 15 min but are significantly elevated by 90 min .
TIS11b and SIK may combine to attenuate StAR expression when hormonal stimuli decline .
The proportion of patients who decline to answer questions using CASI was determined .
Child mortality rates decline as women become better educated .
Both mcSoS and mcBTT decline during the first year of life .
Antibody levels were observed to decline rapidly after treatment of clinical infection with mefloquine .
This key enzyme activity was found to decline significantly during cellular senescence .
The 14.5 % opt-out shows that it effectively empowers patients to decline participation .
Correlation between degree of white matter hyperintensities and global gray matter volume decline rate .
Ecological determinants of distribution decline and risk of extinction in moths .
Cause-structure of post-transitional mortality decline : the case of Utah .
The thermosensitivity of vessels appeared to decline 40 days after irradiation .
Serum beta-hCG levels started to decline 3.4 days from the beginning of therapy .
Milk protein content tended to decline during T4 treatment and increase following GH treatment .
Association of hypertension genotypes and decline in renal function after kidney transplantation .
Metal ion levels remain elevated , but decline slowly for up to five years .
Fertility decline during rapid urbanisation : the influence of class and kinship .
Indeed , faced with absolute risk reductions , patients decline treatment promoted by guidelines .
Exacerbations and lung function decline in COPD : new insights in current and ex-smokers .
Then , progesterone levels decline , and an ovulatory surge of gonadotropins is triggered .
Number of hospitals grows , but beds decline .
But over minutes currents decline substantially , and cell capacitance usually decreases in parallel .
Some patients are refractory to INCS yet decline to receive allergen-specific immunotherapy .
Paleontology. Megafaunal decline and fall .
Leydig cells are most numerous between 17 and 19 weeks and decline thereafter .
