Many groups displayed variable ability to decompose needles .
DWT is applied in order to decompose an input image into different subbands .
Detailed analysis is used to decompose the total dipole moment into different contributions .
Thus we were able to decompose the problem into two parts .
Evolved pseudo-wavelet function to optimally decompose sEMG for automated classification of localized muscle fatigue .
The EMD is used to decompose a Doppler signal into finite individual components .
Upon formation , these complexes decompose to give haloamidinium salts .
At pressures above 300 MPa the micelles fully decompose into their monomeric constituents .
These unstable derivatives decompose by homolysis , yielding RS. radicals .
400 degrees C , while the onium functions begin to decompose at ca .
The objects were either easy or difficult to decompose into parts .
Thermogravimetric studies show that the compound starts to decompose at 500degreesC .
We decompose the mechanical energy to terms associated with area dilation and shape contribution .
This modification allowed the yeast to rapidly decompose excess formic acid .
Studies on dissimilatory sulfate - reducing bacteria that decompose fatty acids .
We decompose MTC synthesis into two stages .
Thus , we decompose the symmetry plane computation problem into a surface matching routine .
Next , we decompose BMR variation at the organ , tissue and molecular level .
A number of methods have been proposed to separate or decompose these two components .
A correspondence analysis was also used to decompose significant Chi-squared and reduce variables dimensions .
Strain F-3 may co-culture with white rot fungus and decompose alkali lignin effectively .
The polysulphide and thiocarbonate extracts decompose to form TBT-sulphide , sulphur and carbon disulphide .
First , as metal precursors thermally decompose , monomers accumulate .
The latter decompose , yielding oligomers containing aldehydes , amides and methyl terminal groups .
The as-synthesized nanoparticles are a solid and decompose before melting .
These species predominate at physiological pH and decompose only partially at micromolar concentrations .
The diazonium compounds are very unstable and decompose rapidly at room temperature .
Nitrated lipids decompose to nitric oxide and lipid radicals and cause vasorelaxation .
