Vitamin E has been proposed as a treatment to prevent or decrease TD .
Dilute bleach baths for Staphylococcus aureus colonization in atopic dermatitis to decrease disease severity .
These processes can be affected by other agents to decrease carcinogenesis ( chemoprevention ) .
The installation errors of wearable accelerometers may dramatically decrease the accuracy of HAR .
Severe surface light scattering from an IOL optic may decrease visual function .
Sensitivity analyses demonstrate that smaller buffers decrease the proportion of affected retailers .
Although CFCs have started to decrease in the atmosphere , SF6 continues to increase .
Among the ex-smokers , VFA tended to decrease with increasing years of smoking cessation .
The lesion volume appeared to decrease with decreasing voltage of applied pulses .
CXCL5 plasma levels decrease in patients with chronic liver disease .
Nevertheless , the use of natural cavities did not decrease after 5 years .
In conventional optics , light transmission must decrease when the aperture is capped .
Silybin and dehydrosilybin decrease glucose uptake by inhibiting GLUT proteins .
An intake of iron >= 15 mg/d can decrease DNA damage in young subjects .
Environmentally persistent free radicals decrease cardiac function before and after ischemia/reperfusion injury in vivo .
This protocol can be used to decrease imaging time for thorough cardiac examination .
Moreover , continuous surveillance is warranted to decrease burns in Pakistan .
DCD liver transplantation is a potential tool to decrease mortality on the waiting list .
Aggressive use of vasopressin may worsen systemic oxygen transport and decrease splanchnic perfusion .
Searching for pain relief : therapists strive to decrease pain and restore function .
IPost can up-regulate miR-1 and miR-133a , and decrease apoptosis of cardiomyocyte .
Web-based insurer-provided wellness programs may decrease health care costs and encourage preventive service utilization .
Idebenone did not decrease LV hypertrophy or improve cardiac function in subjects with FRDA .
Studies are required to assess whether interventions can decrease pulmonary inflammation and improve nutrition .
During aeration , ORP and DO increase , whereas COD and BOD decrease .
The rate of sensibility decrease ( 63 % ) for the tympanic raff .
ICU infections decrease .
Melatonin displays antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects , but its levels decrease with age .
In no patient did the chondrocalcinosis decrease or disappear .
These ratios decrease with fetal age but this dependence on age disappears towards term .
