In this paper I outline and defend an alternative view .
Nevertheless , for the next four decades Heath continued to defend his claim .
How cells deploy ubiquitin and autophagy to defend their cytosol from bacterial invasion .
Nurses are often forced to defend themselves about whether they provide value for money .
How to defend yourself against lawyers ' attacks .
Coinciding with this reognitions he tries to defend himself against it .
However , hosts are often able to defend against parasites without using these mechanisms .
Natural killer cells spontaneously lyse certain tumor cells and may defend against malignancy .
Natural killer cells ( NK ) are believed to defend against tumor growth .
In this essay , I defend three Simple Views concerning human beings .
Freud and Rank defend Groddeck 's Seeker of Souls against accusations of pornography .
Not-for-profit hospital executives defend tax - exempt status at committee hearings .
We defend a dimensional approach of the personality disorders .
Corporate versus public interests : community responsibility to defend scientific integrity .
How well does your insurer defend malpractice claims ?
Obama promises to defend health law and promote " precision medicine " .
Cell junctions are the gatekeepers of the paracellular route and defend the mucosal barrier .
I explicate and defend the following theses .
NK cells defend against tumor cells and virally infected cells .
Chondroitin sulfate may defend against cervical ripening in threatened premature labor .
Strategies to defend against quality of care allegations .
Do parents defend their offspring whenever necessary , and do self-sacrificing parents really exist ?
Social insects defend their own colonies and some species also protect their mutualist partners .
Specific herbivore-induced volatiles defend plants and determine insect community composition in the field .
Plants encounter a broad range of natural enemies and defend themselves in diverse ways .
Paternal males brood and defend developing embryos typically in isolation .
They attract pollinators and seed dispersers and defend plants against abiotic and biotic stresses .
