Proteins purified from leucocytes form and deform an actin matrix .
Electric fields were found to deform sickled erythrocytes .
The shaft of an actuator is used to deform the elastic rubber .
Face centered cubic metals deform mainly by propagating partial dislocations generating planar fault ribbons .
Conversely , the pristine material can deform near its theoretical strength limit .
Crystalline materials deform in an intermittent way via dislocation-slip avalanches .
Elastic sheets with macroscopic dimensions are easy to deform by bending and stretching .
Red cells slide as they form doublets and deform in rouleaux .
High residual stresses of thin films make thin chip deform into designed three-dimensional shapes .
Excessive force that may deform the blades should be avoided .
They deform nuclei and sarcoplasmic reticulum cisternae .
Individual sperm deform the local mucus microstructure .
How do metals deform if the size is smaller than the fault ribbons ?
The RBCs deform more easily as the intercellular interaction strength increases .
The cavity is most rigid , while other regions deform substantially .
The shear stresses tend to deform the plaque by pinching it .
Nongelling experiments showed that shear forces are able to deform drops into ellipsoids .
The SiC NWs are found to deform linear elastically until brittle fracture .
Such material is expected to deform and relax to larger extents .
Bullets were not found to deform or fragment in tissue stimulant .
Red Blood Cells ( RBCs ) need to deform and squeeze through narrow capillaries .
The jet impact was violent enough to puncture thin foils and deform metal plates .
In addition , an expanding tumor can also deflect and deform nearby tissue .
Nonresonant probes of comparable sensitivity would melt and deform the sample surface .
This does not deform or irritate the nasal airway .
alpha-Cyclodextrin ( alpha-CD ) causes the microcapsules to deform and even collapse .
Dynamin-related proteins are large GTPases that deform and cause fission of membranes .
Externally applied forces will deform the cells depending upon their mechanical properties .
To remedy this , we deform all scattering amplitudes by a spectral parameter .
The regions of high and low cation density deform DNA by electrostatic collapse .
