As a result , Y chromosomes are unable to respond efficiently to selection , and newly formed Y chromosomes degenerate until few genes remain .
Three hours after metamorphic induction , the velar lobes are lost , the serotonergic axons begin to break apart , the five parampullary neurons begin to degenerate , and the five ampullary neurons retract away from the epidermal surface .
Pathological studies showed both pontine transverse ( cortico-ponto-cerebellar ) and longitudinal ( corticospinal ) fibers degenerate in MSA .
Consequently , Sertoli cells degenerate due to a decrease in testosterone and detachment from the basal lamina .
Outer hair cells of Myo3a ( KI/KI ) mice degenerate with age in a pattern consistent with their progressive hearing loss .
Here , using a combination of anatomic , cellular , transgenic labeling , and newly available neuronal subtype-specific molecular analyses , we identify that CSMN and related nonmotor SCPN specifically and progressively degenerate in hSOD1 ( G93A ) mice .
Surprisingly , while Ezh1/2-null hair follicles ( HFs ) arrest morphogenesis and degenerate due to defective proliferation and increased apoptosis , epidermis hyperproliferates and survives engraftment .
During the regenerative process , their existing sexual organs degenerate and new ones develop .
Under continuous stress ( CS ) in rats , melanotrophs , the predominant cell-type in the intermediate lobe ( IL ) of the pituitary , are hyperactivated to secrete alpha-melanocyte-stimulating hormone and thereafter degenerate .
Because the DNA binding site of SoxS is highly degenerate , SoxS efficiently activates transcription by the mechanism of prerecruitment .
Typically , rod photoreceptors degenerate first , resulting in loss of night and peripheral vision .
Time-resolved studies of J-aggregate - Au nanoshell complexes when the nanoshell plasmon and J-aggregate exciton energies are degenerate probe the dynamical behavior of this coupled system .
We further show that all optical modes are degenerate and flat , giving rise to almost perfect realizations of Einstein crystals .
The analysis also provides specific examples of interaction potentials whose classical ground states are configurationally degenerate and disordered .
Each member of these libraries had intact TGG and GCCAA motifs , but the sequence of the spacer and the 3bp next to each motif was degenerate .
In chronic Mn exposure , dopamine neurons in the substantia nigra ( SN ) do not degenerate but they appear to be dysfunctional .
Studies have shown that cones degenerate in chromophore-deficient mouse models for Leber Congenital Amaurosis ( LCA ) , but exogenous supplementation of the native 11-cis retinal chromophore can inhibit this degeneration , suggesting that 11-cis retinal could be used as a therapeutic agent for preserving functional cones in patients with LCA .
The folded and unfolded populations do not change significantly as the temperature is increased from 1 to 60 degrees C , suggesting a unique energy landscape where the folded and unfolded conformations are essentially degenerate in energy and exhibit identical temperature dependences .
Do clones degenerate over time ?
Parenchymal hepatocytes lose the epithelial cell morphology within a few days in culture , degenerate or transform into fibroblast-like cells ( Figure 2 ) .
Here , we examine the hypotheses for neuron loss in AD and pose the argument that the means by which neurons degenerate is irrelevant for cognitive decline .
In this cubic , time-reversal and inversion symmetric system , a transition from trivial insulator to topological point Fermi surface system occurs through a critical point in which massless ( Dirac ) bands appear , and moreover are degenerate with massive bands .
TdP usually terminates spontaneously but frequently recurs and may degenerate to ventricular fibrillation .
1 kcal mol ( -1 ) and nearly degenerate with the alternative open-chain isomer H3Ge-GeH-Ge ( - ) .
By deriving analytic solutions for the periodic orbits of this system , we show that there are a countable infinity of critical mass ratios at which the particle dynamics become highly degenerate in the following sense .
Understanding the molecular mechanisms by which mutations in familial-linked genes cause PD holds great promise for unraveling the mechanisms by which DA neurons degenerate in PD .
Evidence was obtained , by direct binding assays ( radioimmunoassays ) and by inhibition of binding assays , that after immunization some of the antibody molecules produced are degenerate in that they bind not only the immunizing antigen , but also unrelated ligands .
RGC apoptosis has a characteristic time-course whereby cell death is delayed 3-4 days postaxotomy , after which the cells rapidly degenerate .
RGC apoptosis has a characteristic time-course whereby cell death is delayed 3-4 days postaxotomy , after which the cells rapidly degenerate .
This idea is based on the assumption that , after a structure is lost , the genes related to its development will degenerate .
