HO can interfere with prosthetic use and walking and delay patient rehabilitation .
Do statins improve outcomes and delay the progression of non-rheumatic calcific aortic stenosis ?
Overexpression of rififylin is known to delay endocytic recycling .
The mechanisms that delay the maturation of photoreceptors remain unknown .
Real-time ultrawide-band group delay profile monitoring through low-noise incoherent temporal interferometry .
Coexisting depression should not delay treatment for CPP .
Radiotherapy is useful for palliation of rectal cancer and may delay postoperative tumor recurrence .
This treatment did not hasten or delay the onset of graft rejection .
However , MRI is expensive and can delay cervical clearance .
Brain derived neurotrophic factor is known to delay retinal ganglion cell death after axotomy .
With extensive loss of functional myocardium IABP could merely delay irreversible cardiogenic shock .
This study aimed to examine factors that delay weaning from ventilation after cardiac surgery .
Postoperative anaemia may delay recovery , but transfusion carries inherent risks .
This therapy can delay tumor growth and noticeably inhibit tumor angiogenesis .
Unintended peri-articular injection can cause complications and an unsuccessful aspiration can delay diagnosis .
Real-time random delay compensation with prediction-based digital redesign .
Ability to delay gratification and BMI in preadolescence .
In summary , NACA and ERGO did not delay skeletal muscle fatigue in vitro .
Thrombophilic-type placental pathologies and skeletal growth delay following maternal administration of angiostatin4.5 in mice .
The relationship between socio-demographic characteristics of patients and diagnostic delay in acute pulmonary thromboembolism .
RCN criticises delay in replacing England 's chief nursing officer .
Do n't delay but scale the pay : some lessons learned about stroke rehabilitation .
Maternal choice to delay or avoid childbirth is the most plausible explanation .
Varus rotational osteotomies are considered one option to delay or eliminate total hip arthroplasty .
Insulin treatment can delay , but does not prevent , diabetic complications .
Electro-optical tunable time delay and advance in a silicon feedback-microring resonator .
Rg1 can significantly delay and treat the senescence of Sca-1 + HSC .
Transition delay using control theory .
Social support , gender and patient delay .
Physical activity may delay dementia .
