This trial is powered to deliver more credible and durable results .
Recent developments enable to deliver rotational IMRT with standard C-arm gantry based linear accelerators .
This electrode was used to deliver balanced biphasic trains of electrical pulses .
Methods of delivery focused on how to deliver the teaching strategies .
Salmonella has been employed to deliver therapeutic molecules against cancer and infectious diseases .
The results showed that dMNPs can efficiently deliver all vectors into 293T cells .
Bacterial type III secretion systems deliver protein virulence factors to host cells .
Use of videophones to deliver a cognitive-behavioural therapy to hospice caregivers .
George 's Hospital explain how they deliver top quality patient care after stroke .
Ambulatory surgery centers ( ASCs ) potentially deliver care more efficiently than hospitals .
Plant oil bodies : novel carriers to deliver lipophilic molecules .
Prior studies suggest that PCPs and nephrologists deliver suboptimal CKD care .
Wasp stings bypass the stratum corneum and deliver antigen to the dermis .
SF matrices were demonstrated to successfully deliver protein drugs and preserve their potency .
Both techniques are simple to perform and deliver a good aesthetic result .
Nurses deliver on urinary continence in primary care !
The remaining pregnant rats were allowed to deliver spontaneously at term .
It also proves the feasibility of specific deliver of AmiRs using conjugated pRNA vehicles .
Intranasal administration can bypass blood-brain barrier and deliver drugs into the brain directly .
Transferrin-cisplatin specifically deliver cisplatin to HepG2 cells in vitro and enhance cisplatin cytotoxicity .
It can seal tissue as well as deliver drugs at predetermined rates .
Particulate nanoscale delivery systems deliver antigens intracellularly and help in inducing T-cell responses .
It can deliver the pure enantiomer and outperforms conventional technologies .
Tobacco-free electronic cigarettes and cigars deliver nicotine and generate concern .
In developing countries , most poor women deliver at home .
Stillbirths : how can health systems deliver for mothers and babies ?
Workforce. Advanced paramedics deliver on the front line .
Resident bacteria deliver regulatory signals to the epithelium and instruct mucosal immune responses .
Baculoviruses deliver strong activation signals to dendritic cells and can promote potent immune responses .
These delivery beacons efficiently deliver pDNA into cultured cells and do not exhibit toxicity .
