Extensive experiments demonstrate the proposed techniques can provide faster reconstruction without compromising image quality .
The results demonstrate our reconstructed volume can eliminate undesirable artifacts like blurring .
Finally , we demonstrate that E2F-1 associated pRB is modified by O-GlcNAc .
Few case reports demonstrate successful surgical treatment of the injury using screw fixation .
Collectively , these data demonstrate drug-induced multi-organ toxicity .
Taken together , our results demonstrate an important regulator for transcription-coupled histone H2B ubiquitination .
Our results showed significant differences that demonstrate the effectiveness of the method .
To demonstrate the feasibility of periorbital AEA ligation in a transethmoidal endoscopic approach .
Large systematic reviews failed to demonstrate a net beneficial effect of perioperative beta-blockers .
In addition , we demonstrate that they are bound as oleate ions .
In particular , our findings demonstrate that DMEM preserves the hMSC stem features better .
In this study , we demonstrate that IL-33 is important for allergic lung inflammation .
We also demonstrate better face processing in women than in men .
Preclinical models demonstrate synergistic antitumor activity with combination blockade of mTOR and IGF-1R signaling .
We demonstrate the usage of Key2Ann by discussing three typical examples of phylogenetic analysis .
The present findings demonstrate differences between real-world falls and fall simulations .
We demonstrate a proof-of-concept prototype and present some of its manufacturing details .
Biventricular continuous flow VADs demonstrate diurnal flow variation and lead to end-organ recovery .
We demonstrate and discuss the radiologic findings here .
We demonstrate that telomeres shorten and shift towards the nuclear center at later passages .
We demonstrate and characterize an apparatus for transient infrared spectroscopy with a 5-ps resolution .
Only 5 patients were able to demonstrate this at the reassessment appointment .
An additional 7 animals were used to demonstrate hemodynamic stability during general anesthesia .
It is further recommended to demonstrate unilateral disease because of its consequence for therapy .
The histologic criteria are subjective and demonstrate considerable interobserver variability .
Analysis was performed but could not demonstrate the known gene defects of PXE .
Know your interests , demonstrate your qualities , and identify your accomplishments .
In hypercholesterolemia , platelets demonstrate increased reactivity and promote the development of cardiovascular disease .
We demonstrate efficacy in vitro and in a heterotopic tumor model in mice .
Our results demonstrate prodigiosin - DNA interaction in vitro and in cultured cells .
