Prior studies offer conflicting qualitative data on the ability of IDET to denature collagen .
Simple copper salts are known to denature poly d ( GC ) .
In the latter case , guanidine hydrochloride was also used to denature the protein .
A number of inorganic ions and metabolic substances did not denature the immobilized enzyme .
All non-ligand lipoproteins in a physiological way denature neutrophils .
( 2 ) Heating could denature the contamination allergenic proteins .
These particles typically denature at temperatures around 5-10degreesC lower than unmodified VLPs .
Optical property changes as a result of protein denature in albumen and yolk .
Proteins denature at low pH because of intramolecular electrostatic repulsions .
No membrane protein is observed to denature during the A2 peak .
Both C40A and C82A also denature at higher concentrations of GdnHCl after modification .
In the absence of oxygen , CO-hemoglobin does not denature to any detectable extent .
a-d complexes cooperatively bind and denature the DNA at low concentrations .
Urea and GdmCl are widely used to denature proteins at high concentrations .
It uses heat energy to denature collagen and elastin and achieve vessel sealing .
This procedure lysed essentially all the bacteria and did not significantly denature the DNA .
Heat was utilized to denature the albumin and form the capsule shell .
AAA ( + ) unfoldases denature and translocate polypeptides into associated peptidases .
A cationic detergent , cetyltrimethylammonium bromide , seemed to denature or inactivate the enzyme .
Separate portions were bleached to denature or alter melanin content .
Both chemicals denature proteins , but only urea perturbs the hydration layer .
Oxygen free radicals denature human IgG and increase its reactivity with rheumatoid factor antibody .
However , gel-based procedures denature the RNA and can be very tedious and time-consuming .
These native monomers can then reversibly denature and irreversibly aggregate and coagulate .
ClO2 , can denature proteins by oxidizing tyrosine , tryptophan , and cysteine .
Urea and guanidinium chloride denature protein L in different ways in molecular dynamics simulations .
Cyclic loading can denature type II collagen in articular cartilage .
