A PP2C-type phosphatase serves to dephosphorylate HPr ( Ser - P ) .
PP1 but not PP2A is able to dephosphorylate precipitated integrin alpha3beta1 in vitro .
Our thin-filament preparations also contain enzymes that phosphorylate and dephosphorylate a specific protein .
Ectonucleotidases dephosphorylate nucleotides and thus regulate ligand exposure to P2X and P2Y purinergic receptors .
Here , we show that human Cdc14A can dephosphorylate Cdc25A in vitro .
Alkaline phosphatase could completely dephosphorylate glycogen synthase while phosphorylase was unchanged .
MAPK phosphatase-1 ( MKP-1 ) has been shown to dephosphorylate MAPKs in several cells .
SMP-IV has previously been shown to dephosphorylate light chains on myosin .
Endostatin activated PP2A , which is known to directly dephosphorylate eNOS at Ser1177 .
SMP-II does not dephosphorylate myosin and has low activity toward MLCK .
Protein serine/threonine phosphatase 1 and 2A associate with and dephosphorylate neurofilaments .
Like NrnA , these enzymes degrade nanoRNA and dephosphorylate pAp in vitro .
PDXP and PP2A dephosphorylate SRC-3 and inhibit its ligand-dependent association with estrogen receptor .
MKPs dephosphorylate MAPKs and are part of the dual-specificity family of phosphatases .
HRB1 is phosphorylated in vivo , and PP7 can dephosphorylate HRB1 .
In addition , demethylated PP2A would no longer dephosphorylate these enzymes .
LPPs dephosphorylate their substrates through extracellular catalytic domains , thus making them ecto-phosphatases .
Dual-specificity protein phosphatases ( DSPs ) dephosphorylate proteins at Ser / Thr and Tyr .
The only protein phosphatase known to dephosphorylate and inactivate Pmk1p is Pmp1p .
PP1 cooperates with ASPP2 to dephosphorylate and activate TAZ .
Alternatively , other PTPs dephosphorylate and activate PTKs , and are themselves oncogenic .
Meanwhile , phosphatases dephosphorylate and inactivate ERK thereby shutting off the pathway .
Alkaline phosphatases can dephosphorylate and detoxify the endotoxin component of LPS .
Lastly , HCP can dephosphorylate autophosphorylated c-Kit and c-Fms in in vitro reactions .
High NaCl and high urea dephosphorylate GDPD5-T587 .
We show here that this phosphorylation also specifically enables PTPalpha to dephosphorylate pTyr527 .
