One day prior to evaluation , all animals were fasted to deplete glycogen stores .
Antibodies were used to deplete CD4 ( + ) and NK cells .
Further doses might be indicated to deplete non-circulating B cells .
A monolithic column of 4.4 muL can deplete 28.2 muL of undiluted serum .
Moreover , GnRH - ant alone could deplete primordial follicles .
Both pimecrolimus and corticosteroids deplete plasmacytoid dendritic cells in patients with atopic dermatitis .
Their amounts decrease or deplete along with the progression of AIDS-related lymphadenopathy .
GRM1 was able to deplete NK cell activity in complement-dependent lysis .
Synechococcus Nageli can also deplete phosphate to much lower levels than can S. quadricauda .
Abatacept inhibits T-cell function but does not deplete T cells .
Plasma atrial natriuretic peptide concentrations during exercise in sodium replete and deplete normal man .
This is apparently due to a failure to deplete 2-ketoglutarate and accumulate citrate .
These species and other top predators apparently deplete the krill and silverfish .
Amphetamine and reserpine deplete brain biogenic amines and alter blow fly feeding behavior .
MSC efficiently deplete arginine and generate ornithine .
Alien marine fishes deplete algal biomass in the Eastern Mediterranean .
Reactive oxygen species selectively deplete normal T lymphocytes via a hydroxyl radical dependent mechanism .
Tumour promoters but not initiators deplete Langerhans cells from murine epidermis .
Polyclonal antithymocyte globulins have been assumed to deplete or sequester immunocompetent T cells .
Chemotherapy has the potential to deplete and destroy a woman 's reproductive potential .
Different strategies have thus been explored to deplete and/or inactivate MDSC in vivo .
As noted in this guideline , residues at injection sites commonly deplete erratically .
CSH is an agent that can deplete somatostatin to increase circulating GH level .
The stress inducible vectors also effectively deplete co-expressed pro-apoptotic protein CHOP with heat shock .
