Kif24 is able to bind and depolymerize microtubules in vitro .
It is still not fully clear by which mechanism kinesin-13s depolymerize microtubules .
Only substances known to depolymerize microtubules reduced chromosome flexion .
Capacity of human serum to depolymerize actin filaments .
FCCP did not depolymerize microtubules of cells permeabilized with Triton X-100 .
An efficient method to depolymerize polyamide plastics : a new use of ionic liquids .
The microtubules in the arrested prometaphase cells depolymerize to two small asters .
In mitosis , the cortical microtubules and the intracytoplasmic microtubular bundles do not depolymerize .
The ADF-decorated filaments depolymerize rapidly from their pointed ends , while undecorated filaments polymerize .
Nevertheless , propineb did not depolymerize actin in a cell-free system .
Polygalacturonase is well known to depolymerize preferentially polygalacturonic acid ( PGA ) by hydrolysis .
Nocodazole ( 3 micrograms/ml ) was used to depolymerize microtubules in the cell .
Peroxidases depolymerize lignin in organic media but not in water .
Unlike other kinesins , middle motor domain-type kinesins depolymerize the microtubule from its ends .
Cytoplasmic polysaccharide lyases depolymerize alginate into the constituent monosaccharides .
H2O2 at 1 mM injury caused microfilament disruption but did not depolymerize microtubules .
The Na ions acted as glass modifier and depolymerize the chain structure of slag .
Disorazole C1 was newly synthesized and found to depolymerize microtubules and cause mitotic arrest .
Plant microtubules ( MTs ) polymerize and depolymerize in a process termed dynamic instability .
These microtubules could be induced to depolymerize , however , by micromolar Ca++ concentrations .
The microtubules that make up the spindle tend to depolymerize at sub-physiological temperatures .
When Glu microtubules depolymerize , the resulting Glu monomer is retyrosinated .
Finally , to maintain a steady state filaments must depolymerize .
In osteosarcoma cells , which do not have cytokeratin , vimentin did not depolymerize .
The microtubules of meiotic spindles are vulnerable to the thermal changes and would depolymerize .
The microtubules of meiotic spindles are vulnerable to the thermal changes and will depolymerize .
