Spin coating has been used to deposit uniform pesticide layers on to each platform .
The basal cells synthesize laminin and deposit it at the cell base .
It is therefore challenging to deposit dielectrics on graphene without affecting its electronic properties .
Dental papilla cells synthesize but do not deposit fibronectin in culture .
We conclude that cultured neuroblastoma cells both synthesize , secrete and deposit laminin .
Control HEK293 cells secreted Lm511 but failed to deposit it .
These waters infiltrated into the tailings deposit at the shelf-tailings interface .
Such lipids also deposit in bone tissues , where they may promote osteoporosis .
Nano-structured particles are potentially hazardous when they deposit in the respiratory system .
Mesostructured silica aerosol particles : comparison of gas-phase and powder deposit X-ray diffraction data .
[The shoulder in basic calcium phosphate microcrystal deposit disease ] .
Mechanisms of immune deposit formation in renal glomeruli .
Poststreptococcal acute glomerulonephritis and dense deposit disease after pediatric liver transplantation .
All of 7 patients have excessive subcutaneous fat deposit predominantly around neck .
Both cell lines deposit EMMPRIN on the cell membranes .
Direct smears were prepared from ascitic fluid deposit for Gram and Zheil-Nelson staining .
Silver nanoparticles are found to deposit uniformly onto the exposed sphere surfaces .
Thus , colloid AgSCN grains are made to deposit in the protoplasmic astrocytes .
They excavate burrows in mudflats and deposit eggs in them .
The myofibroblasts produce and deposit connective tissue matrix , resulting in morphologically visible scarring .
Head lice live in the scalp hair and deposit their ova on hair shafts .
Monoclonal proteins can also deposit in the kidney as crystals and cause tissue damage .
Particles <7 mum can deposit in the airways and cause symptoms of asthma .
Human IgG anti-DNA antibodies deposit in kidneys and induce proteinuria in SCID mice .
In vivo visualization of single-unit recording sites using MRI-detectable elgiloy deposit marking .
Artificial ants deposit pheromone to search for regulatory DNA elements .
Morphological and chemical characterization of a starch granule-like polyglucosan deposit isolated from human brain .
