Activation of sensor systems is required to depolarize afferent neurons .
Both procedures are known to depolarize horizontal cells .
Basolateral application of Ba2+ to depolarize cells also induced K+ secretion .
E-type prostaglandins depolarize primary afferent neurons of the neonatal rat .
Glutamate can depolarize many lateral horn cells .
Serum and epidermal growth factor transiently depolarize quiescent BSC-1 epithelial cells .
They depolarize immature neurons but hyperpolarize more mature neurons .
Mitochondrial-disrupting peptides depolarize the mitochondria and trigger apoptosis after entering tumor cells .
These inward currents depolarize the cell to produce spiking and inhibit the opposite cell .
Valinomycin can depolarize mitochondria in intact lymphocytes without increasing plasma membrane potassium fluxes .
Vasoconstrictor hormones depolarize renal glomerular mesangial cells by activating chloride channels .
Bombesin-like peptides depolarize rat hippocampal interneurones through interaction with subtype 2 bombesin receptors .
We have used uncouplers to depolarize the mitochondrial membrane and disrupt the ionic balance .
Hexoses rapidly depolarize the plasmalemma of the thallus cell and increase its electrical conductance .
Once oxidized , lipids have the capacity to damage and depolarize cytoplasmic membranes .
Pyrimidine nucleotides suppress KDR currents and depolarize rat cerebral arteries by activating Rho kinase .
An electrical stimulus was used to depolarize the posterior tibial nerve at the ankle .
These fibers continuously depolarize during diastole .
Olfactory receptor neurons depolarize in response to odorants .
Neutrophils depolarize in response to activation by agonists .
Using channels that depolarize across different partitions , we obtain related multipartite entanglement measures .
Hemolysin caused the membrane to depolarize reversibly without affecting the action potential generating mechanism .
Increases in external pH cause the PD to depolarize by a few millivolts .
Glial cells also depolarize but retain membrane resistance .
Spin resonances can depolarize or spin flip a polarized beam .
Resistance arteries depolarize and constrict to elevations in intravascular pressure .
