Dehydroepiandrosterone is known to depress fatty acid formation in differentiating 3T3-L1 adipocytes .
Beta-agonists can depress oxidative metabolism of alveolar macrophages .
Higher doses are needed to depress OKT8+ ( suppressor-cytotoxic ) cell numbers .
Cannabinoids acutely administered depress central , cardiovascular and gastrointestinal functions .
Beyond these concepts , the intracellular mechanisms that depress specific force remain undefined .
Ethylbenzene can depress the neurobehavioral functions of exposed workers .
In visible-size tumors , oxygen did not depress DNA synthesis .
However , H-7 did depress superoxide production during the first 5 minutes following stimulation .
Barbiturates depress vagal motor pathway to ferret trachea at ganglia .
Fatty acids depress ammonia production and blunt the tissue response to acidification .
Heat exposure did not depress appetite but caused variable reductions in placental weight .
Hypoxia at high altitude could depress cardiac function and decrease exercise capacity .
In combination with PCH or OCH , 7-k did not further depress enzyme activity .
These results suggest that SC-36602 would preferentially depress conduction in depolarized tissue in vivo .
Ethanol was found to depress the hydrolysis of all peptides in a dose-dependent manner .
Do phenytoin and carbamazepine depress excitation and/or facilitate inhibition ?
PQ could boost ROS generation and depress neutrophil apoptosis significantly .
Antiarrhythmic drugs prolong the effective refractory period and depress conduction .
In addition , it does not depress respiration or affect airway tone .
Supplementation decreases parathyroid function and may depress bone turnover to some degree .
Third , both hind legs depress and extend completely in less than 1 ms .
Morphine and morphine - like drugs depress or abolish the emetic effect of nicotine .
Metabotropic glutamate autoreceptors on nerve terminals of crayfish muscle depress or facilitate release .
Anaesthetics depress the baroresponse of adults .
High concentrations of sevoflurane depress TIWR more than propofol .
This may depress some pro-inflammatory factors that occur during prolonged , exhaustive exercise .
