Multivariable models were used to derive relative risks and 95 % confidence intervals .
To derive a more precise estimation of the relationship , a meta-analysis was performed .
Verbatim reports of issues that hindered workforce participation were analysed qualitatively to derive themes .
Data derive from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey ( NHANES ) 1999-2004 .
Diverse cellular activities may derive from the interaction of cortactin with site-specific binding partners .
Mammalian oocytes and spermatozoa derive from fetal cells shared by the sexes .
We derive analytical conditions that characterize this optimal amount of delay .
We derive an easily calculated condition to determine an effective constant control .
Thus , we could derive a new parameter : diffusion per unit volume .
For small effect sizes , we derive simple approximations in analytically closed form .
Highly angiogenic tumors may not derive sufficient benefit from dose intensification of chemotherapy alone .
We then derive the formula without any phenomenological assumptions .
Fortunately , some microorganisms are able to derive energy from acrylamide .
A correction factor was calculated to derive real values from measured values .
A method is presented to derive the internal forces from the potential energy distribution .
Human platelets express mRNA for the G protein-coupled receptors LPA1-7 that derive from megakaryocytes .
One appeared to derive from actinomycetes , and the other from non-actinomycetes .
So we supposed the S2121 ( 900 ) may also derive from mitochondrial genome .
We derive the optimality system and solve it numerically .
We derive the general form of this ratio and approximate it in realistic cases .
We derive a test statistic for the RVM and compare it with other methods .
To empirically derive dietary patterns and examine their association with incident type 2 diabetes .
The findings were then used to derive requirements and design a TSA augmentative display .
A Bayesian meta-regression method was used to pool prevalence and derive missing age/sex/region/year values .
Secondary response clones derive from IgG1 precursors and express highly mutated V regions .
Liver dysfunction can derive from severe sepsis and might be associated with poor prognosis .
These tumors derive from the melanocyte lineage and remain incurable after metastasis .
Existing techniques differ in assumptions , manipulations of data and the quantities they derive .
We derive a dynamical model that reproduces the trends observed in the experiment .
We derive a confidence interval that includes these sources of variability .
