The hand measures can directly describe the primary hand function and limitation .
We describe the antenatal imaging findings and the short-term postnatal outcome .
Here we describe two patients attending the internal medicine out-patient clinic .
I will try to describe situations where such enactments were compelling .
However , the method failed to adequately describe lesion extent in most cases .
Depressed and medically ill patients were asked to describe symptoms that characterize depression .
We also describe the desinfibulation technique in this article .
In addition , we describe the main signaling pathways used by NK cell receptors .
In this paper we describe a three-armed , randomized , controlled study .
To describe the pathogenesis and emphasize prognosis of systemic inflammatory response during severe infection .
Studies on young people are rare and describe societies with large income inequalities .
To describe the specific characteristics of duodenal/perivaterian carcinoids and to analyze the diagnostic/therapeutic approach .
This study aimed to describe experts ' evaluation and wishes for aesthetics in hospitals .
The aim of this study is to describe these sequelae in Morocco .
To describe a tuberculosis outbreak in a primary school arising from a secondary case .
The aim of this study was describe what pediatricians in Brazil know about CD .
Complete perioperative results describe important treatment ends that cannot influence primary outcomes .
We then describe how they relate and what they can learn from each other .
The authors describe a comprehensive approach to teaching and evaluating dosage calculation .
We describe the resulting community consultation and summarize the outcomes .
We describe the fabrication and associated experimental challenges and discuss potential applications .
We also describe our experience with this technique and analyze our results .
In this paper we describe these techniques and demonstrate their applications in clinical studies .
In this report , we describe our implementation and characterize its performance capabilities .
The authors present an illustrative case and describe and discuss the technique .
The authors sought to describe and define these .
Clinical and radioanatomic data are presented to describe and define this novel technique .
In this paper we describe how we have implemented this model across our network .
Researchers did not describe before the process of self-audit as proposed in this research .
In this study , we describe a receptor cross-talk system that addresses this issue .
