TPA potentiated the ability of TSH to desensitize the adenylate cyclase system .
The short-term goal was to desensitize subjects to protect against accidental ingestion reactions .
PPARgamma1 attenuates cytosol to membrane translocation of PKCalpha to desensitize monocytes/macrophages .
Does medical school training desensitize young doctors ?
Does plasmapheresis desensitize kidney transplant recipients more effectively than high-dose immunoglobulin ?
Does short-term fasting desensitize human somatotrophs to oral L-dopa stimulation ?
GTPase and adenylate cyclase desensitize at different rates in NG108-15 cells .
Thus , rat AChRs desensitize more slowly than human AChRs .
PKC - depleted cells rapidly desensitize after Ang II application .
In contrast , growth-related oncogene alpha did not desensitize the latter receptors .
Agonists and phorbol esters desensitize beta-adrenergic receptors by different mechanisms .
Cannabinoids desensitize capsaicin and mustard oil responses in sensory neurons via TRPA1 activation .
Enzymatically active CYP24 is expected to desensitize NSCLC cells to 1,25D3 .
Stimulating the visual system tends to desensitize it to certain stimulus properties .
Will we be able to desensitize food allergies by either injection or oral immunotherapy ?
Imetit-induced currents were slow to desensitize and at a high concentration reduced in size .
Chromaffin cell nAChRs rapidly activate and desensitize with full recovery on washout .
We sought to desensitize by lowering the DSA titer specifically to 1:4 pretransplant .
Amphetamine may desensitize these voltage-dependent Ca++ channels and inhibit their activation by K+ depolarization .
However , hCG could desensitize isolated membranes , but TPA could not .
Sublytic doses of complement desensitize cells and make them resistant to lytic complement doses .
Therapies for depression may therefore profitably assess and desensitize the fear of positive emotions .
This apo-opsin activates the signaling cascade to desensitize cones and speed the photoresponse .
The response mediated by AMPA receptors desensitize rapidly .
Human acetylcholine receptors desensitize much faster than rat acetylcholine receptors .
Kainate responses did not desensitize appreciably .
This effect does not readily desensitize , and persists regardless of chronic cocaine treatment .
Responses to capsaicin did not desensitize nor were they concentration dependent .
Gangliosides and chondroitin sulfate desensitize and internalize B2 bradykinin receptors .
