Online drug pricing tools deserve more attention .
The practical and biological implications of these findings deserve rigorous evaluation in clinical trials .
Associations between RTEC consumption , dietary patterns , and cognitive function deserve further study .
These findings deserve consideration in the context of diagnosis and enrolment in clinical trials .
This species may deserve continued investigation in both experimental and therapeutic contexts .
Currently , these characteristics deserve more attention in training in sonography .
I also identify three areas in SDA research that deserve more detailed investigation .
These two pools may serve unique functions and therefore deserve individual attention .
Most survivors can achieve independence and deserve aggression rehabilitation efforts .
The comparator antibiotics were superior to streptomycin against Y. pestis and deserve further evaluation .
Results of the program are promising and deserve further study .
Preventive regimens are common and deserve further study .
This concept and its limits deserve to be studied in greater depth .
Combined therapies offer even broader possibilities that deserve to be fully explored .
The morphological peculiarities of pneumonia in myelodepressed oncohematological patients deserve to be studied .
All nurses deserve the very best education and training-our patients demand it .
Novel therapies deserve further investigation but remain without proven benefit to date .
There are many potential causes for this condition and they deserve study .
Salt substitutes deserve a place at the table .
Such drug toxicity seems to deserve greater clinical concern than opportunistic infections or neoplasms .
Why women deserve privacy .
These results seem promising and deserve confirmation with further research .
Systemic abnormalities are common and deserve full evaluation before treatment .
TGF-beta3 mouthwashes were well tolerated and deserve further study in preventing chemotherapy-induced mucositis .
Immunologic and cytotoxic drug therapies deserve further investigation but on a smaller scale .
These factors deserve attention in CRILD/HBV+ patients , and the underlying pathogenesis warrants investigation .
These patients indeed deserve better than allergen avoidance .
Patients deserve better from the NHS complaints system .
Hypopigmented foci within such " black thyroid " deserve through pathologic examination .
