The scoring system was used to designate low- and high-scoring groups .
A wide range of Cd concentrations have been used to designate resistance in organisms .
We propose to designate this entity " caustic sclerosing cholangitis " .
Nine lesions were in females ; 1 case did not designate patient sex .
To differentiate the unrelated families , we designate the peanut gene as AhDGAT .
We designate this domain PEP-CTERM .
Thus , we would propose to designate Williams syndrome as an epigenome-regulator disease .
This makes it difficult to designate one particular activity as the cause of LBP .
IUCN Red List Conservation Criteria were implemented to designate conservation status for each lineage .
Our findings designate fNIRS as suitable tool for monitoring decision-making processes .
These valuable features designate them as multifunctional nanoplatforms for theranostic purposes .
Conventional classification systems designate tumor origins principally on the location of the largest tumor .
We document a previously unidentified structure of methane hydrates which we designate structure sK .
The clones represent five different genes which we designate Mane-DRB * 01-Mane-DRB * 05 .
In silico sequence analysis was performed on a novel gene which we designate OC-STAMP .
We provisionally designate this novel Q region controlled CTL determinant Qc-1 .
We designate these antigens provisionally Lq and Qx , respectively .
We designate this antigen TALLA , a T-cell ALL antigen .
AT III and heparin cofactor are synonyms and designate the same substance .
Residents were instructed to contact available mentors , and ultimately designate a formal mentor .
We resolved several size classes of mtDNA circles and designate these as chromosomes .
There are some 20-30 copies of this element , which we designate ISH51 .
The genes fall into four families , which we designate Lach-UA through Lach-UD .
We have cloned and characterized this element , which we designate ISRf1 .
Thus , this model , which we designate as the " iSENS ver .
