Results will be useful to design immunotherapeutic tools based on immunodominant epitopes .
To evaluate and/or design bioremediated systems , quantitative reactive transport models are needed .
The AFM data were used to design the parameters of the rotational dish experiment .
Strategies to design bipolar small molecules for OLEDs : donor-acceptor structure and non-donor-acceptor structure .
Interlinked positive and negative feedback loops design emotional sweating .
Thus , our results allowed us to design new derivatives with desired activities .
These results may help to design better systems for optical control of biochemical processes .
Our novel observations will help design more efficient molecules for ecological and industrial use .
Investigators have also begun to design organs on a chip .
How to design biospecimen identifiers and integrate relevant functionalities into your biospecimen management system .
How to design and implement palliative care public health programmes : foundation measures .
This study aimed to design a body support and to test its potential .
Thus , an alternative approach to design and obtain piezofluorochromic compounds is proposed here .
Therefore , pharmacists must understand how to design and implement MTM services .
To design and evaluate a research mentor training curriculum for clinical and translational researchers .
We used feedback from prior evaluation of these projects to design and develop CliniSpace .
We design and fabricate ultra-low-loss tapered optical fibers ( TOFs ) with minimal lengths .
We design and test an octopus-inspired flexible hull robot that demonstrates outstanding fast-starting performance .
Such phylogenetic results may help us design better protection programmes against malaria .
This may help researchers design their own empirical studies in the field of ethics .
A facile strategy to design zeolite L crystals with tunable morphology and surface architecture .
Molecular markers will enable us to design individualized treatments and improve overall survival .
Second , it is intended to help policymakers design implementable programs and anticipate pitfalls .
We can design molecular gelators , but do we understand them ?
Healthcare leaders should carefully design new management control systems that support healthcare micro systems .
A cross-sectional postal survey design .
Ambulatory surgery design .
Customized aspheric IOL design by raytracing through the eye containing quadric surfaces .
Piezoelectric transducer design via multiobjective optimization .
Autoregressive errors with a repeated measures design in clinical trials .
