Nonlinear dynamics of emotion-cognition interaction : when emotion does not destroy cognition ?
Therefore , the identification of new antimicrobials that inhibit or destroy biofilms is needed .
An oxygen - based plasma is then used to destroy the exposed oligonucleotide primers .
The results indicated that cooking followed by quick freezing process destroy the WSSV DNA .
We report that TMR - TAT acts as a photosensitizer that can destroy membranes .
Exposure of DBS to elevated heat and humidity can destroy enzyme functions rapidly .
Both cell types are able to effectively ingest and destroy the fungus .
Although histologically benign , they have the ability to expand and destroy bone .
These high rates cause extensive environmental upheaval and worsen or destroy economic development .
RFA uses percutaneously placed image-guided probes to destroy tissues through localized heating .
This paper discusses the use of ultrasound to destroy estrogen compounds in water .
Bcg affects the capacity of macrophages to destroy ingested intracellular parasites early during infection .
PDT can effectively destroy a malignant tissue and induce an antitumor activity .
The major milk protein lactoferrin can destroy microbes and reduce inflammatory responses .
Antiangiogenic therapy could destroy tumor vasculature and inhibit tumor growth .
In finite arrays free boundaries destroy this collective motion .
Osteoclasts destroy bone by secreting protons , thereby making adjacent microenvironment acidic .
Aminopeptidases also destroy epitopes by trimming them to even shorter lengths .
' Heat and destroy ' : bronchoscopic-guided therapy of peripheral lung lesions .
Biodegradation by microorganisms offers unique opportunities to destroy or render phenolic compounds .
Search and destroy : recent research exploits adult stem cells ' attraction to cancer .
Nonlinearity halts this growth and in some cases can destroy the intermittency .
Why not destroy the remaining smallpox virus stocks ?
A case for aggressive search and destroy .
Seek and destroy : relating cancer drivers to therapies .
