The force needed to detach AHPM from its origin was 23.5+/-12.0 N .
Cells started to detach from plates and the adherent cells exhibited nuclear condensation .
In vitro these iccosomes detach from one another with ease .
Subsequently , the vacuoles detach from the host cell cortex .
Instead , large tails which did not detach from the cell body were seen .
When ATP is added , most arms detach from doublet N + 1 .
Kgp and HRgpA work together to quickly detach endothelial cells .
IA is qualified to detach these fixed AB .
Multivalent sugar receptor analogs have been used to both prevent and detach adherent bacteria .
Geckos are easily and rapidly able to detach their toes as they climb .
A method was proposed to detach aortic intima for its immunoperoxidase study .
Trypsin is often used to detach adhered cell subculture from a substrate .
Thereafter , cells detach from the otocyst and migrate medially toward the hind-brain .
Eggs detach from the female , and immobile larvae hatch prematurely .
Cells detach from plastic substrates and proliferate to form large clusters of undifferentiated cells .
Endotoxin plus neutrophils caused cells to become round and detach from the growth substrate .
The nodules may enlarge and detach from the synovium .
During AFM imaging , these cells sometimes round up and detach from the substrate .
In skeletal remodeling , osteoclasts degrade bone , detach and move to new locations .
Sheaths were advanced over the lead to detach and dilate fibrous encapsulation .
The attempts to detach and unfold the retina appeared minimally successful intraoperatively .
We also show that mesothelial cells progressively detach and lose cytokeratin expression .
The Listeria can detach and , therefore , have the potential to contaminate product .
A fatal complication occurs when the thrombi detach and create a pulmonary embolism .
Doxorubicin treatment of the adherent SW620 cells caused cells committed to apoptosis to detach .
Apoptotic endothelial cells detach , potentially forming both local and circulating microthrombi in vivo .
Initially successfully attached retinas can detach .
Fimbria-specific antibodies detach Escherichia coli from human cells .
They have a characteristic shape which patients themselves can detach easily without any pain .
Viable podocytes detach in experimental diabetic nephropathy : potential mechanism underlying glomerulosclerosis .
