Examining prescriptions of proxy drugs is not an optimal method to detect adverse reactions .
Long-term follow-up is necessary to detect late arrhythmias .
Single-nanopores have recently been used to electrically detect a wide range of analytes .
Using validated screening instruments to detect depressive symptoms in the elderly has been recommended .
To detect the incidence of diabetes in patients with schizophrenia in Taiwan .
Text from corners : a novel approach to detect text and caption in videos .
New cheek swab technique may detect lung cancer .
A highly sensitive genetic protocol to detect NF1 mutations .
Thus , the assay can potentially detect ADAs with various affinities .
[Sampling in qualitative research : a proposal for procedures to detect theoretical saturation ] .
Sample size requirements to detect gene-environment interactions in genome-wide association studies .
Inner cylinder load cells detect skin-friction drag via torque measurements .
A hybrid approach to detect and localize texts in natural scene images .
Emerging molecular biomarkers--blood-based strategies to detect and monitor cancer .
Colonoscopy to detect and remove polyps has contributed to a reduction in colorectal carcinoma .
It is important to detect a local recurrence early and perform repeated RFA .
Tracking vaccine-safety inquiries to detect signals and monitor public concerns .
Western blotting was used to detect alpha-spectrin and indirectly determine caspase-3 activity .
It enables bacteria to detect metal depletion with improved sensitivity and optimize gene-expression pattern .
Three-dimensional ultrasound to detect Apert syndrome and improve patient understanding .
Furthermore , it also can detect codon repeats and report the corresponding amino acid .
Extinction is difficult to detect , even in well-known taxa such as mammals .
Residual neoplastic tissue of the resection interface is difficult to detect by conventional endoscopy .
Clinical hepatomegaly is difficult to detect , even by well trained FPs .
With modifications , PLNAs can detect immunosuppressive chemicals and distinguish sensitizing from nonsensitizing chemicals .
To detect neuropeptides in human skeletal muscle at rest and after eccentric exercise .
The FBG sensor showed resonant characteristics and could detect AE continuously during the test .
ISHH did not detect XK in skeletal muscle but RT-PCR did .
Various pathways detect aberrant RNAs in the cytoplasm and are dependent on translation .
In diabetic retinopathy , OCT angiography can detect neovascularization and quantify ischemia .
