Hemolytic assay and antibacterial tests were applied to determine the cytolytic activity of ECFP .
The Bland-Altman technique was used to determine concordance .
To determine the molecular mechanism associated with gastric carcinogenesis .
To determine the safety and explore the efficacy of ALN-RSV01 in RSV infection .
Here , we sought to conclusively define these specificities and determine their molecular origin .
Using chemotherapeutic drugs to trigger hematopoietic stem cell activation and determine hematological toxicity .
Its main objective is to determine exercise tolerance and oxygen saturation during submaximal exercise .
Tools to determine students ' skill in shared decision-making are needed .
Participants were asked to determine their procedure allocation at the end of treatment .
Two review authors independently assessed the identified studies to determine eligibility for inclusion .
A nine-point pH titration method to determine low-concentration VFA in municipal wastewater .
Various factors determine health-seeking behaviour in south-east Nigeria .
To determine and compare the bioavailability of Cd from vegetable and animal-based foods .
Identified papers were analysed to determine and evaluate the costing methods used .
Further studies are needed to determine how rituximab functions and to identify appropriate countermeasures .
We then determine what additional capacity is required to achieve optimal impact .
This will determine whether increased neurogenesis is beneficial or counteractive to ictogenesis and epileptogenesis .
Adjuvants determine which APCs are utilized in Ag - sensitization .
These microenvironments determine stem cell fate via control over differentiation .
From novice to expert : confidence and activity status determine heart failure self-care performance .
Multiple factors determine outcomes following treatment of liver tumours .
However , these measures are often impossible to determine in acutely injured patients .
An independent empirical analysis is necessary to determine over or undertreatment in pain care .
These requirements are difficult to determine because of limited clinical experience .
Medical and angiographic reports were reviewed to determine technical efficacy and for procedural complications .
Participants were followed annually to determine hormone levels and for transvaginal ultrasound .
To determine clinicians ' attitudes to and stated use of NIV for these patients .
An E-test to determine MIC and a synergy test by aminophenylboronic disks were performed .
Advanced cases determine significant tissue destruction and they can metastasize .
The findings would help clinicians determine management criteria and improve survival .
