Consequently , small-intestinal barrier and absorptive functions deteriorate within a short time after weaning .
Disorganized schizophrenia does not deteriorate with dopamine agonists cabergoline and bromocriptine used for ablactation .
Despite these measures , inevitably , some patients deteriorate while receiving mechanical ventilation .
Findings revealed that the PSRs may develop or deteriorate through three , overlapping phases .
This ability seems to deteriorate as dementia progresses .
Leptin concentrations begin to deteriorate after only 3 days at room temperature .
This study confirms that retinal image blur associated with multifocality does not deteriorate stereoacuity .
[Undocumented regimes after total hip and knee arthroplasty can deteriorate the results ] .
These effects can further deteriorate eating patterns .
However , they can deteriorate , producing pain and fistulization .
Long-term functional results did not deteriorate .
In periods where the asthma spontaneously deteriorate , there will be more exercise-induced asthma .
Diuretics tend to further deteriorate renal function .
Crowding is known to deteriorate the quality of peripheral information .
ET-1 is also proved to deteriorate the ischemia-reperfusion injury in many organs .
Mid-term results are known to be satisfactory , but they deteriorate with longer follow-up .
Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia may deteriorate during pregnancy and improve after delivery .
Results do deteriorate with time but most patients consider the surgery satisfactory .
However , such strategies often deteriorate or contaminate the functional carbon surfaces .
Preoperatively symptomatic patients with spinal tumors did not deteriorate nor improve after surgery .
Otherwise , renal function may deteriorate or the kidney will be irreversibly damaged .
Lifestyle-related diseases deteriorate bone quality in terms of material properties .
The results indicate that osteoporosis may deteriorate the disc degeneration at specific time .
Only rarely did VT deteriorate to VF .
The gel is easy to handle and did not deteriorate on repeated use .
Renal function was stable and did not deteriorate under CNI treatment .
Head-injured patients who talk and deteriorate into coma .
Although the appropriate antibiotics were given , he continued to deteriorate and eventually died .
While waiting for transplantation , some patients become refractory to treatment and deteriorate progressively .
Part 2 : Patients who talk and deteriorate : implications for treatment .
