It was found to reduce and detoxify redox-active metals like Cr and Hg .
Arylamine N-acetyltransferases ( NAT1 and NAT2 ) acetylate and detoxify arylamine carcinogens .
Glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) theta is an enzyme to detoxify xenobiotic compounds .
Some fish detoxify ammonia to glutamine or urea .
Both enzymes detoxify oxygen free radicals .
Hepatocytes detoxify Atuna racemosa extract .
Therefore the study was aimed to detoxify aflatoxin B1 in poultry feed .
Decreased liver glutathione suggests reduced ability to detoxify drugs through this conjugation pathway .
Acetyltransferases detoxify antibiotics by acetylation , this mechanism plays central role in antibiotic resistance .
Both organic and STS amendments thus effectively degrade and detoxify acetochlor in soils .
Laccases decolorize and detoxify the industrial effluents and help in wastewater treatment .
Nuclear enzymes which could generate or detoxify reactive metabolites are of major concern .
Microbes detoxify arsenate by reduction and efflux of arsenite .
None of the species could detoxify brain ammonia into urea .
SOD-1 and SOD-2 detoxify superoxide in the cytoplasm and mitochondria .
Conjugation to biodegradable polymers can detoxify cancer drugs and improve efficacy .
Redundant catalases detoxify phagocyte reactive oxygen and facilitate Histoplasma capsulatum pathogenesis .
Enterocyte microvillus-derived vesicles detoxify bacterial products and regulate epithelial-microbial interactions .
Protective systems have evolved to detoxify and eliminate these xenobiotics .
Transgenic plants have been engineered to rapidly detoxify and transform such xenobiotic chemicals .
Microorganisms have consequently developed mechanisms to detoxify and tolerate this kind of compounds .
The yeast can tolerate some metals and detoxify them via different biomolecules .
They balance the production of free radicals and detoxify them when in excess .
This study examines potential mechanisms by which cells might remove or detoxify such peroxides .
The synthesized solution continued to detoxify through oxidizing reactions during a 72 h period .
Chemoprotection by EQ is accompanied by the overexpression of enzymes which detoxify activated AFB1 .
