Data were used to develop an artificial neural network for activity recognition .
To develop consensual practice recommendations for treating the aging upper- and mid-face with onabotulinum .
Pediatric patients are more prone to develop vascular complications after LDLT .
20-25 % of Stage II patients also develop recurrent disease .
However , he did not develop delayed encephalopathy .
It is essential that nurses develop positive relationships with patients to enable successful treatment .
Circadian rhythms develop over the first months and years of life .
Oral squamous cell carcinomas ( OSCCs ) develop commonly in cats .
This suggests that human and feline OSCCs develop due to different molecular mechanisms .
On the other hand , only 5-10 % of heavy drinkers develop chronic pancreatitis .
Bilateral lung transplant recipients may develop benign PI or pneumoperitoneum after surgery .
Most develop moderate intellectual disability within a few years of onset of the syndrome .
A community forum was held to develop recommendations and move these themes to action .
However , not all behaviorally inhibited children remain reticent or develop an anxiety disorder .
To develop an instrument to measure pharmacists ' attitudes and barriers toward health literacy .
How to develop patient trust in anorexia treatment .
Further work is needed to develop more sensitive , efficient tools in this population .
Close follow-up of patients will prevent many expanders that develop complications from becoming failures .
To develop and validate a taxonomy for the domain of clinical research nursing .
To develop and validate an efficient comet assay on mouse oocytes without depellucidation .
The authors aimed to develop and validate an instrument to measure teamwork behaviours .
Commercial spaceflight is expected to rapidly develop in the near future .
Critical thinking is an important characteristic to develop in respiratory care students .
He noticed a red streak develop during the past year .
They can develop wherever smooth muscle is present .
We further develop two novel association tests that adjust for local ancestry .
These deaf individuals develop their own gestures , called homesigns , to communicate .
It has several mechanisms of action , but cancer cells can develop resistance .
Furthermore , Smad4 - deficient neurons develop simpler terminal arbors and form fewer synapses .
How we develop and sustain innovation in medical education technology : Keys to success .
