Resuscitation teams often deviate from algorithms of CPR .
The clinical and electrocardiographic manifestations may deviate to a diagnosis of myocardial infarction .
Self-collimation makes the focusing position deviate from Snell 's law .
Why humans deviate from rational choice .
Thereby we observed relative intensities that deviate from data in the literature .
The simulated intrinsic structure factors are found to deviate considerably from the measured one .
Occasional cases deviate from the expected appearance and thereby cause diagnostic confusion .
Both Gly derivatives deviate from the series and adopt different binding modes .
No exclusions were found and the observed distribution did not deviate from the expected .
This principle is inviolable nor can one deviate from the norm " .
The results of MMPI showed high scores in items of psychopathic deviate and schizophrenia .
Cesium exchange was independent from pH value and deviate from ideal exchange phenomena .
Because of steric hindrances the pyridine rings deviate considerably from coplanarity .
Several tick species deviate host T cell responses toward a Th2 cytokine profile .
The incidence rate and age distribution did not deviate much compared with former results .
If the Fry theory is correct , the cartilaginous septum should deviate .
However , circular dichroism spectra in 250-300 nm region deviate significantly .
Top-down influences make saccades deviate away : the case of endogenous cues .
This can alter cellular differentiation with the potential to deviate immune responses .
CD8 T cells are known to deviate CD4 T-cell responses from Th2 toward Th1 .
The deviate swallowing syndrome : its etiology , incidence , diagnosis and treatment .
A norm deviate score from the TSCS showed P less than .001 .
Zooprophylaxis is the use of animals to deviate vectors from humans .
Force responses are found to deviate concavely downwards from a linear time course .
Combinations of common chronic paediatric diseases deviate the immune response in diverging directions .
24-h storage of the samples in refrigerator does not deviate the results .
A deviate eruption pattern .
