It is difficult to diagnose NBTE if patients have no clinical signs of thromboembolism .
There are many diagnostic technologies and tests to diagnose skin cancer .
The gold-standard test used to diagnose childhood obstructive sleep apnea is polysomnography .
However , it is difficult to diagnose or characterize non-invasively with conventional imaging .
Lymphocytic myocarditis is a clinically important condition that is difficult to diagnose and distinguish .
The ability to diagnose and provide appropriate medical treatment is imperative .
Ultrasonography alone is insufficient to diagnose the plaque type accurately in some patients .
The BAT constitutes a reliable instrument to diagnose anaphylaxis from rocuronium .
It is very difficult to diagnose this malformation antemortem without magnetic resonance imaging .
Bedside ultrasonography as a safe and effective tool to diagnose acute epiglottitis .
Laparoscopy to diagnose endometriosis , assessment by neurologist to assess headaches .
Clinical tests to diagnose lumbar segmental instability : a systematic review .
Novel anatomic pathology technologies allow pathologists to digitally view and diagnose cases .
This in turn adds to the capabilities to diagnose disease and assess its extent .
Clinicians learnt how to do binocular indirect ophthalmoscopy and to diagnose CMV retinitis .
Subcutaneous masses are usually difficult to diagnose for dermatologists using palpation .
PDLG is a rare disorder that is difficult to diagnose by CSF cytology .
Early , slow-onset heart failure is difficult to diagnose from just signs and symptoms .
Interface membrane is the best sample for histological study to diagnose prosthetic joint infection .
How can we diagnose FAI in earlier period ?
[Clinical criteria to diagnose dengue in its early stages ] .
How I diagnose and treat splenic lymphomas .
Doctors diagnose and prescribe : patients decide what to do .
General practitioners [GP ] diagnose and treat the majority of patients with musculoskeletal problems .
We can confidently diagnose complete and incomplete SBO and differentiate one from the other .
Ultrasound does not diagnose peritoneal disease but will recognise endometriomas .
It can diagnose aneurysmal lesions and suggest ulcerated lesions .
To rapidly diagnose TB within two hours and to simultaneously detect RIF resistance .
Surgery is used to diagnose RMS , and for local control after chemotherapy .
It is difficult to diagnose this abnormality by cardiac catheterization and even during surgery .
