The factors that dictate annihilation ECL efficiency are interrelated .
These non-linear effects may dictate the effectiveness of a hydrostatic skeleton at different sizes .
The appearance and acidity of the fluid dictate the need for drainage .
These factors and events likely cooperate to dictate the mobility of particular proteins .
Cornichon-2 modulates AMPA receptor-transmembrane AMPA receptor regulatory protein assembly to dictate gating and pharmacology .
Does the conformation of adsorbed fibrinogen dictate platelet interactions with artificial surfaces ?
We report that metabolism and chromosome copy number dictate which fate is adopted .
These phosphorylation-regulated properties dictate generalized and context-dependent IF functions that reflect their tissue-specific expression .
Logistics dictate that hospice care can be implemented most effectively in the home environment .
Sertoli cells dictate spermatogonial stem cell niches in the mouse testis .
Portable nanofiber meshes dictate cell orientation throughout three-dimensional hydrogels .
Immune-neural interactions dictate both lesion formation and repair in multiple sclerosis ( MS ) .
DCs also dictate the type and regulate the strength and duration of T-cell responses .
Should evidence dictate clinical practice or support it ?
Yet imatinib rarely cures CML , and current recommendations dictate lifelong treatment with imatinib .
Electrostatic interactions are ubiquitous in proteins and dictate stability and function .
These are early manifestations and dictate expeditious use of naloxone in endotoxic shock .
The Ottawa knee rules are applied and dictate the need for additional evaluation .
Interns are often required to dictate discharge summaries without formal training .
Chemokines modulate angiogenesis and metastasis that dictate cancer development in tumor microenvironment .
The doctors were able to directly dictate their reports to the unit .
Financial incentives can be quantified , and present times dictate that they be enumerated .
Cytokines are important soluble signalling molecules that dictate and coordinate inflammatory and immune responses .
Seven reasons to dictate in the presence of your patients .
Responding patients may be retreated as symptoms dictate to good effect .
