The right to die in the minimally conscious state .
There is need for change to avoid the situation where patients die in solitude .
Cardiomyocytes can die via necrosis , apoptosis , and autophagy .
Under normal conditions , most cells appear to die by apoptosis during ICD .
Trematode parasites infect or die in snail hosts .
HIV-infected individuals were more likely to die than HIV-uninfected individuals ( p<0.0001 ) .
Virtue and vice in health and illness : the idea that would n't die .
31 patients ( 50.8 % ) was die .
An appraisal of life 's terminal phases and euthanasia and the right to die .
Trophic eggs are obligate for nymphal survival , and first-instar nymphs die without them .
MECP2 is X-linked , and males die soon after birth .
Neutrophils constitutively die by apoptosis at inflamed sites , and are ingested by macrophages .
Heavily infected lobsters become sedentary , cease feeding , and die of metabolic exhaustion .
Actual stem cells have an intolerance of genotoxic damage and die via apoptosis .
However , most patients achieving CR eventually relapse and die from their disease .
He presents a massive hemoptisis and die .
Elderly , psychiatric patients admitted to a long-stay ward become physically ill and die .
During development , all cells make the decision to live or die .
Cigarette smoke-exposed neutrophils die unconventionally but are rapidly phagocytosed by macrophages .
What happens to my practice if I die or become incapacitated ?
Privacy rights never die and sometimes complications linger on .
Two die casts were manufactured from a silicone impression .
The impression made with the polyvinylsiloxane was first poured to prepare the die cast .
Born to live or born to die : the handicapped newborn in New Jersey .
The infants die off pulmonary hypoplasia .
Cultural stereotypes die hard : the case of transracial adoption .
Old habits die hard : chest radiography for screening purposes in primary care .
Suitability of a flat die press for the manufacture of pharmaceutical pellets by extrusion/spheronization .
Children with mild xerophthalmia die at 4-16 times the rate of their nonxerophthalmic peers .
Out of the 3 , one neonate will die .
