Left ventricular twist did not differ significantly between control and postoperative groups .
95 % of these germline VH3 genes differ in FR3 .
NSCLC patients and healthy controls differ in vesicle-related miRNAs in plasma .
MuSK levels differ between adult skeletal muscles and influence postsynaptic plasticity .
Patients differ in their clinical features and differ in the clinical course of disease .
The relationship did not differ significantly for men and women or by country .
These instruments are found to differ in their effects on residential allocation and welfare .
Allele frequencies were not found to significantly differ between genders or clinical presentations .
CRP and PLR were not found to differ significantly between the two groups .
Herpetic whitlow should be distinguished from bacterial whitlow as their therapeutic approaches differ .
Patient or surrogate satisfaction did not differ by whether a discussion was documented .
Furthermore , variables in interpretation exist and cutoff thresholds for positivity differ .
The occurrence of ungrammatical pauses was minimal and did not differ across the conditions .
The overall embryo recovery rate was 64 % and did not differ among mares .
Stress relaxation increased with loading but did not differ between knot configurations .
Does eye-witness memory differ depending on the language one speaks ?
Appeasement rates did not differ according to the sex of the involved individuals .
Response to treatment for Alzheimer 's disease might differ according to APOE genotype .
Spleen HSCs and BM HSCs are functionally similar , but their cycling behaviors differ .
Their effects on QT interval differ but evidence remains sparse and mostly inconclusive .
Baseline Gleason scores did not differ , nor did PSA levels between the groups .
Plasma DBH activity did not differ according to strain or to MH susceptibility .
Clinical manifestations can differ according to different localizations and to insidious and slow evolution .
Apparent molecular weights of VIP-binding proteins differ greatly according to species and to tissue .
The effect seems to differ depending on educational level .
Nor did the mean age at cataract surgery differ between genotypes .
Rates did not appear to differ according to gender or age .
There are indications that consequences of MP differ for men and women .
We also estimated the extent to which precursor and derivative tRNAs differ within Archaea .
The special case in which species differ only in crown transmissivity produces neutral dynamics .
