Having diffusion barriers of 0.3-0.5 eV , they diffuse rapidly at moderate temperatures .
How liposomes diffuse in concentrated liposome suspensions .
At high hydration , isolated anions diffuse faster ( <=4x ) than cations .
Infection does not seem to diffuse via the lympathic system , even after castration .
PCNU is able to diffuse into the CSF as demonstrated by pharmacokinetic studies .
Solutes are known to diffuse through the apoplast during redistribution .
Second , breakage of the electrostatic bonds follows , and ligands diffuse into solvent .
Proteins diffuse out of the gel and coated on the polystirene .
This extrasynaptic neurotransmitter can diffuse to neighboring synapses and modulate transmission via presynaptic receptors .
Dichlorofluorescein was shown to diffuse through the nexus passively and in a hydrated form .
Water continues to diffuse through the front and to invade the core .
AMPARs are stabilized reversibly in these nanodomains and diffuse freely outside them .
Multiple crystalline patches appear without particles having to diffuse more than one diameter .
Scintiscan patterns varied from normal to diffuse concentration of 131I .
CT Scans findings can give evidence diffuse muscular thickening of esophageal wall .
Acetic and lactic acids diffuse faster than sucrose in plaque .
These results were interpreted to mean that aminoglycoside antibiotics diffuse through porin-pores very efficiently .
Active enzymes diffuse more rapidly than inactive enzymes .
Genetic predisposition to diffuse panbronchiolitis .
A linear correction for principal component analysis of dynamic fluorescence diffuse optical tomography images .
Patterns of failure in treatment of stage I and II diffuse malignant lymphoid tumors .
NAT emphasizes that social redundancy can diffuse and reduce responsibility for locating mistakes .
Nanoparticular systems diffuse rapidly and are better internalized in ocular tissues than microparticles .
GLUT4 monomers outside clusters diffuse freely and do not aggregate with other monomers .
Second , Cl can diffuse passively down electrochemical gradients via the paracellular pathway .
The drug molecules can only diffuse along with the wriggling of the polymer matrix .
Mycobacterium kansasii diffuse pulmonary infection in a patient with acquired immune deficiency syndrome .
