Increases in extracellular potassium concentration are known to dilate cerebral arterioles .
Prostaglandins may induce or inhibit platelet aggregation and constrict ro dilate blood vessels .
At least 16 naturally occurring peptides either constrict or dilate blood vessels .
In addition , the arteries continued to dilate after US exposure .
Sixteen of the diabetic patients had pupils that failed to dilate normally in darkness .
However , 25 % of all pupils failed to dilate with epinephrine 1:16,000 .
Large isolated CPCs may transiently dilate the fetal cerebral ventricles .
Many ways to dilate the P2X7 receptor pore .
Substituted adamantyl-urea inhibitors of the soluble epoxide hydrolase dilate mesenteric resistance vessels .
An angioplasty balloon was used to dilate 23 benign ureteral stenoses in 21 patients .
Dipyridamole is known to dilate coronary vessels without affecting appreciably the systemic circulation .
The genioglossus moved anteriorly to dilate the upper airway during inspiration .
In contrast , venules dilate only in response to prolonged stimulation .
Aortic necks of ruptured abdominal aneurysms dilate more than asymptomatic aneurysms after endovascular repair .
During hyperemia , blood vessels dilate upstream from the initiating stimulus .
Prostaglandins have been shown to soften and dilate the cervix gradually .
In experimental studies it seems to dilate cerebral resistance vessels and increase intracranial pressure .
The baskets are designed to dilate the ureter passively and capture stones <or=5 mm .
In cases with proximal focal vasospasm , TBA could dilate spastic arteries .
Halothane and isoflurane dilate histamine - constricted airways in a dose-dependent manner .
Calcium ionophore and acetylcholine dilate arterioles on the mouse brain by different mechanisms .
Serotonin caused control microvessels to dilate .
The management of extensive corrosive esophageal strictures : do not dilate and procrastinate .
Small perforator branches of the ICA dilate to provide collateral perfusion to ischemic areas .
MPC-1304 and nifedipine did not dilate the large coronary artery , but NTG did .
Chronic smoking may dilate the pupil , and increases macular FTV immediately after photostress .
Glial cells dilate and constrict blood vessels : a mechanism of neurovascular coupling .
To dilate or to intubate ?
The surviving myocardium hypertrophies and may also dilate structurally .
Operate or dilate ?
