After base abstraction , the free germylenes can dimerize by formation of a digermene .
Proteins unable to dimerize did not bind DNA .
BaxDeltaalpha5alpha6 and Bax-Bcl-2 ( alpha5alpha6 ) also retained the ability to dimerize with Bcl-2 .
Unexpectedly , the COOH - terminal DNA-binding domains dimerize in the non-DNA binding state .
Moreover , the complex suggests how CD4 can dimerize through ligand binding .
In the absence of interaction with gp38 , gp37 polypeptides do not dimerize .
In Drosophila cell lines , we present evidence that Khc-73 can dimerize in vivo .
ABC half-transporters must dimerize to form a functional full-transporter .
Two such monomers dimerize to form a ring-shaped molecule of approximate 2-fold symmetry .
Aminoethylcysteine ketimine is known to dimerize spontaneously and easily lose one carboxyl group .
Mutation of these residues generated nonfunctional receptors that could not dimerize or trigger signaling .
A calix[4 ] arene was designed to reversibly dimerize and form an egg-shaped enclosure .
The phosphorylated monomers dimerize and assume specific DNA binding ability .
Tyrosine phosphorylated STATs dimerize and translocate into the nucleus to activate specific genes .
Our observations suggest that wheat eIF4B can dimerize but requires zinc .
As a consequence , it does not dimerize properly and forms aggregates in vitro .
As a response the TLRs dimerize and their signaling is initiated .
On cytokine-induced tyrosine phosphorylation , these molecules dimerize and accumulate transiently in the nucleus .
Mybleu is able to dimerize with canonical leucine zippers and to activate transcription selectively .
Two monomers of MTH1859 occupy the asymmetric unit and dimerize in a head-to-head fashion .
Her1 binds DNA only as a homodimer but will also dimerize with Hes6 .
Tetra- and hexasaccharides bound FGF2 , but failed to dimerize the growth factor .
Topochemistry for preparing ligands that dimerize receptors .
To dimerize DHFR , bis-MTX must shift from a folded to an extended conformation .
Urea will also dimerize normal serum albumin under these conditions .
Such pairs provide the opportunity to dimerize two separate molecular systems without undesired crosstalk .
This correlated with the ability to dimerize FGF2 in an apparently cooperative manner .
