In addition , this probiotic strain seems to diminish the frequency of regurgitation .
This linked procedure allows to diminish the length of healing and improves postoperative time .
Reduced effort has been hypothesized to diminish clinical outcomes of robotic training .
Heat treatment of milk may diminish the antimicrobial activity of these antibiotic residues .
Fusion instrumentation did not diminish the accuracy of kinematic and arthrokinematic results .
The higher potency , typical antipsychotics also diminish positive modulation in subcortical motor networks .
Multimodal treatment of oral cancer can cause speech disorders and diminish speech intelligibility .
These oligoproteins diminish the rate of apoptosis and prolong the survival of eosinophils .
Underreporters have higher BMI and diminish the correlation between calculated intake and biomarkers .
Adolescents with adequate birth weight newborns diminish energy expenditure and cease growth .
Inspiratory loads diminish expiratory braking by the inspiratory muscles and recruit expiratory muscles .
All treatments effectively diminish expression of CD86 and inhibit this step of inflammation .
On the contrary , PI3K inhibitors did not diminish the DHA protective effect .
In contrast , absence of BMPR-IA did not significantly diminish ADAS osteogenesis .
Anticoagulants may diminish these advantages under certain conditions .
Vertical ground reaction forces diminish in mice after botulinum toxin injection .
Elevated monocytes in patients with critical limb ischemia diminish after bypass surgery .
Fibroblasts expressing PDGF-receptor-alpha diminish during alveolar septal thinning in mice .
These effects appeared to diminish over 6- and 12-month follow-up .
The leakage was noted to diminish as early as 24 hours after injection .
CBT effect appears to diminish in patients with a history of over twelve episodes .
Only among the European populations did the trend in incidence diminish with age .
Similarly castration failed to diminish uridine incorporation by seminal vesicle cells and tissue .
Treatment with captopril tended to diminish dose-related release of prostaglandins in response to NE .
As this technique limits soft tissue damages , it may diminish hospitalization days .
Work-family conflict can also diminish .
The ASR decreases in AD children when anxiety symptoms diminish .
Whether or not results diminish over long-term follow-up remains to be seen .
Effects diminish over time , but these findings also apply to the general population .
Sexual desire and activity diminish with age but there is a great variability .
