Factors other than improved classification agreement appeared to direct surgeons ' treatment recommendations .
Detection of anti-HMGCR autoantibodies may facilitate diagnosis and direct therapy .
Broken symmetries are required to direct the transport of the particles .
Catalytic reactions in direct ethanol fuel cells .
Efficiency of Pm-147 direct charge radioisotope battery .
Nanopatterned protein microrings from a diatom that direct silica morphogenesis .
Two-color-laser-driven direct electron acceleration in infinite vacuum .
Participants received no explicit instruction to direct their attention toward a particular stimulus level .
One major function of parietal cortex is to direct our attention towards salient stimuli .
In addition , engrailed can direct midline glia to a PMG-like non-ensheathing fate .
Microorganisms direct identification from blood culture by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry .
Subwavelength direct laser patterning of conductive gold nanostructures by simultaneous photopolymerization and photoreduction .
These tendencies seem to be relatively permanent and should direct population policy .
Parasitological assessment of ' zir ' stored and direct tap water .
The extent of the injury can be determined and direct reduction and fixation obtained .
Early diagnosis may direct therapy and lead to a more favorable prognosis .
Microtubule arrays direct intracellular organization and define cellular polarity .
They direct the insertion of guanine or induce a deletion opposite the lesion .
Chemokines drive and direct leukocyte trafficking across the biological barriers .
Selection applied and direct response through fifteen generations .
Signal peptides direct the propeptide to the endoplasmic reticulum and through the secretory pathway .
How nursing diagnosis helps to direct and inform practice .
Muscular strain and fatigue among urologists during transurethral resections using direct and monitor endoscopy .
Extrinsic cues are clearly necessary but do they direct or select lineage ?
A direct prompting strategy for increasing reciprocal interactions between handicapped and nonhandicapped siblings .
A direct measuring capillary viscoelastometer for mucus .
This model requires that the polymerase direct the transcript past the noncoding DNA strand .
