Aip1p interacts with cofilin to disassemble actin filaments .
It is also very easy to assemble and disassemble the working electrode when needed .
Force required to disassemble block copolymer micelles in water .
Already formed fibrils did not disassemble in the presence of high concentrations of LPFFD .
As biofilms age they disassemble because the cells release the amyloid fibres .
During cell entry , reovirus particles disassemble to generate ISVPs .
Furthermore , redox-responsive replica particles could be engineered to disassemble in a reducing environment .
These structures can be designed to assemble and disassemble under controlled environmental conditions .
Bacteria form communities known as biofilms , which disassemble over time .
Drugs with colchicine - like effects that specifically disassemble plant but not animal microtubules .
Ubiquitin carboxyl terminal hydrolyses ( UCTH ) disassemble the polyubiquitin chains .
Mutants of the protein serine kinase PSKH1 disassemble the Golgi apparatus .
Most mammalian microtubules disassemble at low temperature , but some are cold stable .
Prior to exocytosis , the dense actin network must disassemble or largely be organized .
All except Deltagim4 are cold-sensitive and their microtubules disassemble at 14 degrees C .
Evidence that tobacco mosaic virus particles disassemble contranslationally in vivo .
Concomitantly other components of the cytoskeleton , such as actin and cytokeratins disassemble .
These fibers move centripetally towards the perinuclear region where they disassemble .
A rapid procedure was developed to disassemble SRP into native protein and RNA components .
VASP inhibited gelsolin 's ability to disassemble actin filaments in a dose-dependent fashion .
Jasplakinolide disaggregated actin filaments but did not disassemble stress fibers .
Temperature-sensitive B mutants of SV40 disassemble intracellular encapsidation particles at elevated temperature .
Upon wounding , basal cells of the corneal epithelium disassemble their hemidesmosomes .
