Such examples of homoplasy present opportunities to discover the foundations of morphological traits .
How to discover new antibiotics : harvesting the parvome .
As a consequence , chances to discover new active natural compounds are also high .
It has thus become important to discover reliable markers in predicting responses to CSs .
Mapping the amyloid-beta interaction partners could help to discover novel pathways in disease pathogenesis .
The aim of the study was to discover effective plant extracts against Plasmodium falciparum .
Researchers discover new biomarker that may improve cancer care strategies .
Current approaches to discover marine antileishmanial natural products .
We discover the essential structural motifs leading to such target properties .
This requires white biotechnology to discover and develop novel enzymes , biocatalysts and applications .
CT scan were more useful in diagnoses of CSDH and may discover multiple hematomas .
Content analysis was used to discover domains of meaning and formulate categories .
The need to discover and develop new antimalarial therapeutics is overwhelming .
To discover and document cases of the rare disease analbuminemia .
It is of interest to efficiently discover and evaluate new proteasome inhibitors .
The epistemologist desires to discover the causal mechanism that explains these effects .
We discover that the expression of Adp is increased during myoblast differentiation .
Identifying and analyzing bacteriophages in human fecal samples : what could we discover ?
In an analysis of cross-sectional data , we discover support for the 3 hypotheses .
This review focuses on novel research approaches to discover potent and selective T-channel modulators .
The subject must discover for himself a new form of presence in the world .
They discover anatomical structure , discriminate the tumor region and highlight functionally similar regions .
They discover the medico-social network and attend to patients ' visits at home .
We discover the key sequence motifs and folding structures and study their sequence-specific assembly .
We discover incidentally on a bone scan a pulmonary calcification .
In addition , we discover that ubiquitylation regulates tissue-specific signaling networks .
What neurosurgeons should discover about the science of learning .
We thank Jennifer Blank for helping us discover and correct this error .
We are using a multi-layer perceptron neural network to discover and embody these synergies .
Their status leads us to discover and investigate more targeted therapy with more efficacy .
