We also discuss the imaging of and therapy for internal carotid artery dissections .
This review will discuss the immediate surgical complications and long-term implications .
Here we discuss current trends and challenges in this field .
We would like to discuss the future of our speciality with our colleagues .
To analyze cases of ovarian leiomyomas and to discuss the proper surgical management .
We illustrate and discuss some real ethical dilemmas facing MSF teams .
In this article , we discuss the recent clinical evidences .
This paper will discuss that process , in detail , from conception to product .
For this special issue of Zoological Research we discuss these problems and misunderstandings .
We discuss its successful revision , and review previous reports of LP shunt migration .
We discuss possible reasons for these inconsistent findings and propose new study designs .
We discuss the results and management of the patients , and review the literature .
We discuss what in our view are the daily challenges of proteomics core facilities .
I shall discuss how and why democracies have restricted the rights of their citizens .
We discuss how resource levels in nature may alter the structure of complex communities .
In this report , we will overview AMR and discuss several treatment modalities .
Thirdly , to discuss communication models and strategies to enhance media and science responsibility .
is to discuss our clinical cases and review the literature .
For each structure we discuss the scaling properties and compute the dynamical exponents .
In this review , we briefly discuss ALCL and focus on NPM - ALK .
In our article , we discuss this issue and explore current evidence for prophylaxis .
To discuss the pathogenesis and utility of light chain IF in nephropathies .
Here , we aim to discuss lower extremity injuries during snowboarding .
We review and discuss functional imaging techniques in the evaluation of lymph nodes .
Within a rather intricate situation in such systems we discuss in detail two cases .
We discuss on possible reasons of such differences and possible improvements .
They discuss of advantages vs disadvantages of the surgical procedures .
Much to discuss and debate .
We discuss directly estimating these quantities from the data and derive analytic variance expressions .
We discuss and illustrate such a component clustering strategy .
