Do n't discard diskography .
Chlamydia and gonorrhoea in pregnant Batswana women : time to discard the syndromic approach ?
Effective counterscreens can be designed to discard the undesired classes of compounds .
The 25-hydroxyvitamin D values above 30 ng/ml can safely discard ' hyper PTH ' .
Molecular diagnosis allowed us to discard the most frequent mutations associated with 21-OHD .
Conversely , a negative titer does not discard the diagnosis of HT .
We present several arguments that via negativa should discard the compensatory theory .
A negative result allows to discard significant fibrosis in 94 % of cases .
Diabetic patients are taught to discard insulin syringes after a single use .
The standard approach is to discard these observations and analyze only complete observations .
Remedy for radiation fear - discard the politicized science .
The remedy for radiation fear is to expose and discard the politicized science .
Household income was not linearly related to amount of discard .
The median annual rate of discard was 2.9/100 000 .
Reasons for discard of umbilical cord blood units before cryopreservation .
We observed that the separability increases if we discard SC as a feature .
Minimum discard volume from arterial catheters to obtain coagulation studies free of heparin effect .
[Wrong to discard antileukotrienes in the treatment of asthma ] .
Mammographic CAD markings : archive or discard ?
These actions include discard , freezing , research , and preimplantation genetic analysis .
Clinicians should be aware of this when deciding which kidneys to transplant or discard .
When larvae attain competency to settle , they discard swimming chaetae and secrete mucus .
Changes in fisheries discard rates and seabird communities .
Many Bangladeshi mothers discard the colostrum and begin breast feeding several days after delivery .
Ejaculate discard occurred for reasons of poor motility , abnormal sperm and bacteria .
Fetal stem cells from extra-embryonic tissues : do not discard .
We also discuss the differential diagnoses that pathologists should discard .
