Microstructural and microspectral characterization of a vertically aligned liquid crystal display panel .
Ethnic identity did not display any significant direct or interaction effects .
Benign fibro-osseous lesions ( BFOLs ) frequently display overlapping histological features .
During early lactation , neutrophils display several reduced immune functions .
In contrast , the intermediate layers can display ultrasensitivity .
These ancient signaling networks display functional antagonism via negative autoregulatory circuits .
Peasants on display : the Czechoslavic Ethnographic Exhibition of 1895 .
Chewers display a 3.1 fold increased urinary Mn concentration compared to non-chewers .
Substance-abusing individuals tend to display abnormal reward processing and a vulnerability to being impulsive .
Spermatids of the Ift88 mouse mutant display abnormal head shaping and are tail-less .
Children can display sexual behavior or have sexual experiences .
Responses display cellular heterogeneity and are influenced by environmental cues .
The plutonium sites in this compound are 9- and 10-coordinate and display atypical geometries .
The mutant mice were viable and did not display overt abnormalities .
CCRP synchronize metabolic activities and display an oscillatory expression profile in murine bone .
From phage display to dendrimer display : insights into multivalent binding .
P28-LPS rats also tended to display enhanced anxiety in the elevated plus maze .
In contrast , acquired-e.g. postinflammatory or circulatory-processes display normal EOGs .
Unlike cones , they display robust photoresponses and have relatively slow recovery times .
The induced cells display IgM on their surface , but do not secrete IgM .
In addition , SHRs display hyperlocomotion - reverted by atypical and typical antipsychotics .
Most age-related degenerations display early functional deficits that precede actual loss of neuronal substrate .
Molecular display technology--creation of novel ligands and vaccines for controlling biological processes .
These compounds display a non-symmetric boat-to-boat conformational equilibrium that has axial and equatorial arrangements .
Shotgun phage display of Lactobacillus casei BL23 against collagen and fibronectin .
Super multi-view display with a lower resolution flat-panel display .
Dendrimer display of tumor-homing peptides .
Wireless PDA access and display DICOM medical images through accessing the JPIP server .
Both complemented mutants produce 5-aminolevulinic acid ( ALA ) and display fluorescence after 24h .
FGF-2 - deficient mice are viable , but display cerebral cortex defects at birth .
