Many species disperse during their lifetime .
Freshwater invertebrates often disperse between discrete habitat patches via the production of dormant propagules .
In the wild , male rhesus macaques disperse at sexual maturity .
Distilled water proved to be an adequate vehicle to disperse Biosilicate ( R ) .
Ultrasonication is often used to disperse nano-particles in aqueous solution .
Many biological factors contribute to disperse the larvae on the pasture .
Ae. aegypti , however , showed low tendency to disperse into the forest .
The retrograde pulse was observed to disperse at a rate greater than the anterograde .
Paramecia detect and accumulate in or disperse from some chemicals .
Mechanisms to more widely disperse this information through publication warrant further evaluation .
The enzyme collagenase was used to disperse human lung into its component cells .
Pigment-dispersing hormone ( PDH ) acts to disperse pigments within the chromatophores of crustaceans .
In reality , individuals disperse and interact on complex networks .
Below gamma approximately 20 microns , Ca2+ waves disperse and fail to propagate .
Endocytosed vesicles rapidly disperse through the terminal and are reused with no apparent delay .
Dangerous liaisons disperse the Mediterranean dwarf palm : fleshy-pulp defensive role against seed predators .
Nocodazole , a microtubule inhibitor , did not disperse aggregates .
Results indicate that the Park administration 's strategy to disperse use in the Mt .
If the hosts disperse , lower resistance evolves as transmission becomes more local .
Prairie dogs disperse when all close kin have disappeared .
The mutant initiates aggregation , but forms only loose cell mounds which later disperse .
These mutations are heterogeneous and disperse throughout the entire HPRT gene .
Olfactory sensilla then become highly motile and disperse beneath the epidermis .
Some strains forage solitarily and disperse evenly on a bacterial lawn .
Brassica plants normally disperse their seeds by a pod-shattering mechanism .
Also , rollers disperse seeds over larger distances .
Inducing cells to disperse nickel nanowires via integrin - mediated responses .
These weapons use radioactive materials to disperse and emit ionizing radiation .
The process by which monolayers degrade or disperse remains unclear .
During droughts , they can neither expand their tunnel systems nor disperse .
