This is confirmed by the ability of the purified oligomer to disrupt liposomes .
Pretreatments remove lignin and disrupt its structure , thereby enhancing sugar release .
Recently , exposure to hyperoxia was reported to disrupt myelin formation in neonatal rats .
How addictive drugs disrupt presynaptic dopamine neurotransmission .
It does not disrupt Klar 's function for nuclear migration in photoreceptors .
Current chemical-based synchronization methods are unfavorable as these can disrupt cell physiology and metabolism .
Surface-associated silicone compounds can disrupt glue curing and alter enzyme properties .
These variations disrupt postsynaptic transmission and affect neuronal communication .
Estrogens are important environmental contaminants that disrupt endocrine systems and feminize male fish .
DEAD-box proteins disrupt or remodel RNA and protein/RNA complexes at the expense of ATP .
C - terminal HERG ( LQT2 ) mutations disrupt IKr channel regulation through 14-3-3epsilon .
These results suggested that BPA might disrupt normal neocortical development by accelerating neuronal differentiation/migration .
Mutations of R75 cause deafness and disrupt gap-junctional communication .
Rumination can prolong negative mood , disrupt sleep , and increase depression risk .
These septa deflect many RGC axons and disrupt nearest-neighbor relationships .
On the use of magnets to disrupt the physiological compass of birds .
Like F508del , R560T and A561E disrupt CFTR trafficking .
Acute exposure to NO2 is reported to disrupt tight junctions in lung epithelium .
Both drugs disrupt F-actin , but in different ways .
AsV and AsIII both disrupt plant metabolism , but through distinct mechanisms .
In conclusion , ECP and EDN disrupt skin integrity and cause inflammation .
The pathogenic mechanism through which KAL1 variants disrupt female reproductive development requires further investigation .
This study demonstrates one mechanism by which WMLs may disrupt frontostriatal circuits .
This may be an important mechanism by which inflammatory mediators disrupt the fibrin degradation .
All organisms contain transposons with the potential to disrupt and rearrange genes .
This breakdown produces a plasma that can disrupt or obscure the CARS signal .
Endoscopic therapy for achalasia aims to disrupt or weaken the lower esophageal sphincter .
The results suggest that negative discriminable shifts in drug availability disrupt ongoing responding .
Mutations to AFFs can disrupt lymphopoesis , CNS development and spermatogenesis .
Diseases that disrupt myelin , including multiple sclerosis , cause significant functional disability .
