Further work to evaluate and disseminate this tool is in progress .
Using the TRIP model to disseminate an IT-based pressure ulcer intervention .
A number of alternatives to disseminate achieved results are presented .
Newer treatment ( oxaliplatin , capecitabine ) started to disseminate in 2000 .
These particles reach the lungs , and disseminate to virtually all organs .
All are aggressive tumors with the tendency to disseminate throughout the central nervous system .
The need to disseminate knowledge of resuscitation into the community .
Students are required to disseminate their work through conference presentations and/or peer-reviewed publications .
We plan to disseminate the results through publications and presentation at relevant conferences .
We developed a plan to build department champions to disseminate information and provide mentorship .
Further work to refine and disseminate the indications for third ventriculostomy is warranted .
She had a mild conjunctivitis and disseminate , not very prominent intraepithelial corneal opacities .
5 ml disseminate to unexpected and undesirable regions .
Persistent viruses disseminate from immune hosts .
Pathogenic leptospires disseminate via the bloodstream to colonize the renal tubules of reservoir hosts .
The interventions themselves are easy to disseminate and deliver .
More work is needed to disseminate and clarify the CDC MEC .
MTb must drive host tissue destruction to disseminate and also to cause pulmonary cavitation .
Candida glabrata colonizes but does not often disseminate from the mouse caecum .
These results suggest that H5N1 escapes viral-specific immunity , and could disseminate via DC .
The fungus usually affects lung parenchyma and may disseminate from there .
An innovative communication model to disseminate information .
Obvious and not-so-obvious strategies to disseminate research .
How to best disseminate those findings to nurses remains a challenge .
Microsporidia species could disseminate to other organs and become systemic in severe immunocompromised cases .
Viruses can disseminate via the bloodstream or through nerves .
In this model , cancer cells disseminate early but remain dormant for several weeks .
Randomized pilot study to disseminate caries-control services in dentist offices .
Investigators will disseminate findings via presentations and publications .
We will also disseminate the main results to our participants in a letter .
