The ability of the solvents to dissolve an ophthalmic ointment base was investigated .
They can be tuned to dissolve a wide variety of compounds including cellulose .
Methyl tert-butyl ether fails to dissolve retained radiolucent common bile duct stones .
The microparticles rapidly dissolve after inhalation yielding dispersed nanoparticles .
For EtAc / water ratios above 2/3 the liquid crystalline phases dissolve .
Since this compound could dissolve in aqueous solvents , in vivo dissolution was investigated .
The product was difficult to dissolve in water and most organic solvents .
Captopril was administered orally dissolved in water or allowed to dissolve under the tongue .
Cinnabar didnt dissolve mainly in the form of nanoparticle .
Antegrade catheter technique to dissolve uric acid ureteral calculi .
However , cadmium did not dissolve junctional complexes between Sertoli cells .
However , higher levels of VB methods dissolve the hump .
Hydrolysis was optimized by using methanol instead of acetone to dissolve substrate .
The detergents were also able to dissolve pre-formed clots in a similar fashion .
Patients were instructed to dissolve their own drugs at home .
NTA is known to dissolve heavy metals and therefore to increase their genotoxicity .
Rowachol decreased HMGCoA reductase activity 18 % , but did not dissolve gallstones .
This strain is able to dissolve phosphate minerals and form cyanide .
All compounds dissolve in water and methanol , and the methanolic solutions are luminescent .
Ionophores dissolve in phospholipid bilayers and enormously increase their ionic permeability .
What is the critical pH and why does a tooth dissolve in acid ?
Current disagreements should dissolve once this is recognized .
Stones containing 10 % or less cholesterol did not appreciably dissolve in mono-octanoin .
Why do gelatinized starch granules not dissolve completely ?
Rainfall events dissolve the salt crust and create ephemeral streams and ponds .
Methanol amy dissolve the lipid layer and expose the embedded antigens .
This is because heparin will not dissolve clots and may actually promote platelet agglutination .
Calcium precipitates decreased sharply and might dissolve in the large vacuole .
With immersion time TTCP and DCPA phases gradually dissolve and apatite phase precipitates .
The complexes are dark brown , and dissolve in water .
