The use of small molecules has great power to dissect biological processes .
We used thyroiditis as a model to dissect these possibilities .
Methods presented here will provide powerful tools to biochemically dissect the RISC assembly pathways .
Systems biology approaches to dissect mammalian innate immunity .
A mouse model system to genetically dissect the molecular mechanisms regulating tumorigenesis .
Proteomic approaches to dissect platelet function : Half the story .
It is dangerous to dissect a cervical fistula through a thoracotomy .
It is dangerous to dissect a cervical fistula via a thoracotomy .
Harnessing natural sequence variation to dissect posttranscriptional regulatory networks in yeast .
We chose not to dissect the cystic mass but to treat the intra-articular cause .
We here define its subcellular localization and dissect the significance of its domains .
This study was conceived to dissect the human anti-PC repertoire and generate human mAbs .
Alleles of afd1 dissect REC8 functions during meiotic prophase I .
We dissect the renal artery and vein placing Hemolock clips on both .
We could dissect motor neurons with three colors in a single animal .
During total laryngectomy paratracheal lymphatic nodes should be looked for and dissect .
We proceed to dissect and clip it .
Ten fresh-frozen cadaver wrists were used to dissect and identify the first CMC ligaments .
We dissect local atomic effects from intermolecular interactions and quantify X-ray optical effects .
They always dissect the recurrent nerve and search for the parathyroid glands .
The excimer laser has the advantage to dissect without thermal tissue damage .
Twin studies are the perfect natural experiment to dissect out genes and life experiences .
The acquired component of complex traits is difficult to dissect in humans .
The descending aorta may dissect whatever the diameter of the ascending aorta .
To understand the human body , students must dissect .
Optogenetic strategies to dissect the neural circuits that underlie reward and addiction .
