A meticulous attempt was made to distinguish between the 2 types of gastric adenocarcinoma .
Recurrent infections were genotyped to distinguish between recrudescence and new infection .
Undifferentiated hepatocellular carcinoma difficult to distinguish from liver abscess .
A parabiosis model was used to distinguish organ-specific HSCs from circulating HSCs .
MALDI-MS was able to distinguish CC and UC specimens while profiling the colonic submucosa .
Its rapid development and characteristic appearance help to distinguish it from a lymph node .
Their expression patterns may help to distinguish the site of origin of metastatic carcinomas .
The latter can be used to distinguish rival prediction models with similar prediction performances .
Cotinine is the most widely used biomarker to distinguish active versus passive smoking .
This mutational heterogeneity complicates efforts to distinguish functional mutations from sporadic , passenger mutations .
The method could distinguish target DNA from non-target DNA within 5 min .
Preoperative imaging tests could not distinguish it from other intracardiac tumors such as myxoma .
We also use Trpml3 knockout tissues to distinguish TRPML3 - specific from nonspecific immunoreactivities .
SOX2 expression levels distinguish between neural progenitor populations of the developing dorsal telencephalon .
Analytically , we distinguish between using bodies and recovering bodies .
Diverse requirements for SRC-family tyrosine kinases distinguish chlamydial species .
This metric could distinguish drug-targets with non-drug-targets .
Gene-expression signatures can distinguish gastric cancer grades and stages .
The mandible can be used to distinguish among ethnic groups and between sexes .
The degree of defervescence is age-dependent and does not distinguish between infectious outcomes .
Mass spectrometry is reliable but does not distinguish between DMADP and isopentenyl diphosphate .
This assay allowed to distinguish organisms belonging to the subgenus Viannia and identify L .
The epithelial expression of CD44s and did not distinguish papillomas from papillary carcinomas .
Biopsy and histopathologic examination is required for diagnosis and to distinguish other perianal dermatoses .
Some ligands are noteworthy because they distinguish between receptor subtypes or have allosteric mechanisms .
These spectra distinguish among isomeric unsaturated fatty acids and permit assignment of double-bond location .
They distinguish among different patterns of pathogens and rapidly activate an innate immune response .
Therefore , markers to distinguish malignant kidney tumours and for their detection are needed .
The authors define and distinguish the concept of microdosing from similar approaches .
Their amino acid compositions are unique and distinguish them from all other ribosomal proteins .
