The results indicate that vigorous late-night exercise does not disturb sleep quality .
PAK1IP1 was induced when cells were treated with chemicals that disturb ribosome biogenesis .
Antibody against the angiotensin AT1 receptor ( AT1-Ab ) could disturb placental development .
The baseline drift could lead to recording distortion and to disturb the diagnosis .
During aging , the products of oxidative processes accumulate and might disturb cellular metabolism .
Constitutive activation of NF-kappa B is not sufficient to disturb normal steady-state hematopoiesis .
Repeated deliveries might disturb the levator function and increase defecation disorders .
Hypo- or hyperthyroidism may disturb the function of the cardiovascular system and cause arrhythmias .
Josamycin did not disturb gastrointestinal motility and no dog showed signs of discomfort .
During overflow events , the entering water volumes can disturb the sediments .
Decapitation does not disturb normal development of the Leydig cells in the observation period .
In addition , many drugs disturb the receptor interaction .
Oversecretion affected all phospholipid classes and did not significantly disturb the cellular phospholipid homeostasis .
Blocking R phosphorylation blocks initial velocity suppression but does not disturb rapid turnoff .
Discrete plasmacytomas are unusual and seldom disturb hepatobiliary function .
In contrast , bag1L does not disturb neurite outgrowth .
We conclude that theophylline seems to disturb sleep mainly in caffeine - sensitive persons .
EGCG is known to disturb lipid rafts by sequestering cholesterol .
These effects were all mild and did not disturb ADL in any patient .
Nasal obstruction is common and may disturb well-being during daytime and sleep .
[Patients who disturb ... ] .
However , the insulin circadian rythm was disturb .
Prolonged exposure to low concentrations of xenobiotics can disturb hepatic functioning .
In this article , we review the evidence by which aPL may disturb fibrinolysis .
However , the mechanism by which IUDs disturb fertility remains controversial .
We determine the thresholds above which the x-ray pulses disturb the atomic arrangements .
