An attempt to divide the genus Chaerilus into species-groups is also proposed .
Cluster analysis was used to divide subjects into groups based on age and strength .
The average distance 0.75 cm was used to divide patients into two groups .
On average , cells divide when Dpp signaling levels have increased by 50 % .
The digital divide in adoption and use of a personal health record .
Cells divide during this rotational movement with a cell cycle time of 6-7 h .
Lone-pair interfaces that divide inorganic materials into ionic and covalent parts .
How seals divide up the world : environment , life history , and conservation .
First , we divide the terminology 's concepts into areas according to their relationships/roles .
North-south divide in health inequalities .
Cultures of Tetrahymena pyriformis GL were induced to divide synchronously by the one-heat-shock-per-generation technique .
Osteoclasts seem to divide into mono or polynucleated smaller units .
The north-south health divide .
Communication and the cultural divide .
Nuclei in the filamentous , multinucleated fungus Ashbya gossypii divide asynchronously .
Two-dimensional imaging demonstrated a linear density that appeared to divide the right atrium .
Genetic insights beginning to divide autism diagnosis .
[ " Only a half ? " How to divide tablets ? ] .
Mitochondria continually fuse and divide to yield a dynamic interconnected network throughout the cell .
The basic strategy of SOLiDzipper is to divide and encode .
During this time , the mutant cells became elongated but did not divide .
The viable cells both divide and show differentiation into osteogenic cell type .
Mitochondria divide and are split amongst the daughter cells during cell proliferation .
These cells do not divide but go through an intermittent DNA synthetic phase .
Diffractive optical elements divide the master-oscillator beam to seed multiple arrays of SCOWAs .
Alternatively , many gene-targeting services divide the work of targeting with a customer lab .
We divide the vascular systems involved in the cutaneous circulation into four categories .
Under these conditions the cells do not divide , but can synthesize DNA .
Arterioles divide into several finer branches and form a capillary plexus .
Tissue stem cells divide to self-renew and generate differentiated cells to maintain homeostasis .
