However , it is important to document their validity , before using them .
Additional evaluations were done every 3 months to document disease status .
The authors conducted a study to document long-term follow-up of the All-on-4 concept .
Using various controls we document the reliability of the method .
The results document a decrease in Fe signal with increased Na / K ratio .
MD to document meeting regarding home care .
Alternative immunological markers to document successful multiple smallpox revaccinations .
This curriculum document represents the consensus of recommendations by this committee .
We newly document that the transmission of MRSA between human and hamster is possible .
Additional studies in this area will be required to document efficacy and evaluate toxicity .
The empirical data comes from structured interviews , participant observation and document review .
Data shall be collected using interviews , focus groups and document reviews .
To document physical activity ( PA ) during organized youth soccer and baseball/softball practices .
Key informants were interviewed to document the initiatives under NRHM implemented in the district .
To document complications after RARP by strict application of standardized reporting criteria .
Studies of phenotypic selection document directional selection in many natural populations .
In this report , the authors document their experience with a 2-year curriculum .
We document cervical histology in K14-HPV16 mice receiving different doses of diindolylmethane .
A multidisciplinary consensus document for the control of A. baumannii is needed in Spain .
In a supplementary file a working document for assembling the assay validation is proposed .
Informed consent is a mandatory document in human subject research protocols .
We now document podocyte detachment microscopically and quantify it morphometrically in humans with T2DM .
The following case reports document the occurrence and provide some insight to its management .
Objective. To document the incidence of postinfusion phlebitis and to investigate associated risk factors .
Clarifications to the consensus document on the diagnosis , treatment and prevention of tuberculosis .
Consensus document on European brain research .
This is a complete and comprehensive document at the current time .
A system was implemented to document and control unreported distribution changes .
To document and analyze the initial steps in building a health research partnership .
To document and analyse resuscitation skills assessment must provide reliable data .
