The Nur77 siRNA was used to downregulate the Nur77 expression .
It could activate primary immune response , and also downregulate immune response .
This effect correlated with their abilities to downregulate survivin .
Alpinia galanga extracts downregulate interleukin-1beta - induced matrix metalloproteinases expression in human synovial fibroblasts .
Reactive oxygen species downregulate glucose transport system in retinal endothelial cells .
Statins downregulate K6a promoter activity : a possible therapeutic avenue for pachyonychia congenita .
By comparison , SAHA could downregulate the mRNA expression of bcl-2 .
BA downregulate hepatic lipogenesis by activating the FXR-small heterodimer partner ( SHP ) pathway .
Folic acid can downregulate tau protein phosphorylation by inhibiting the demethylation reactions of PP2A .
Therefore , D-CblS and D - CblL may downregulate Egfr through distinct mechanisms .
It appears that Ras can upregulate or downregulate autophagy through several signaling pathways .
To downregulate the expression of mdr1 gene in K562/A02 cell line by RNA interference .
Knockdown of SIRT1 could downregulate expression of SREBP1 and suppress cell proliferation .
Adrenomedullin and adrenomedullin-binding protein-1 downregulate inflammatory cytokines and attenuate tissue injury after gut ischemia-reperfusion .
Antidepressants downregulate beta AR density and induce uncoupling from Gs protein in PD .
Anti-LUNX could downregulate LUNX and reduce lung cancer cell proliferation and migration in vitro .
Matrine could up-regulate Fas protein expression and downregulate VEGF protein expression of MCF-7 cells .
Interestingly , miR-101 synergized with decitabine to downregulate DNMT3a and to reduce DNA methylation .
Under anoxia , Artemia franciscana embryos downregulate metabolic processes and approach an ametabolic state .
Autoantibodies and drug-induced platelet antibodies have been demonstrated to downregulate or enhance platelet function .
In primary cultures of glioblastoma , tumor cells maintain Shc1 expression but downregulate Shc3 .
This phenomenon may represent one mechanism by which tumour cells downregulate immune surveillance .
The mechanism by which human NK cells downregulate their production of IFN-gamma is unknown .
