He was taken for emergent scrotal exploration to drain the presumptive pyocele .
Five patients required surgery to drain an abdominal abscess .
The patient was submitted to thoracotomy in order to drain the infected fluids .
Intestinal contents drain from the body via the C - seal .
Melanomas located anywhere below the knee can drain to the popliteal fossa .
In 1 patient , postoperative leakage around the nephrostomy drain occurred but resolved spontaneously .
Reduction in external ventricular drain infection rate .
Minimally invasive chest drain insertion in children .
Extraventricular drain infection .
Post-pneumonectomy thoracic drainage : to drain or not to drain ? A retrospective study .
Hepatic trauma : to drain or not to drain ?
The lymph was then allowed to drain by gravity .
Several options are available to drain the renal pelvis after a dysmembered pyeloplasty .
Is it necessary to drain all postoperative fluid collections after appendectomy for perforated appendicitis ?
The technique was successfully used in two patients to drain abscesses in the cul-de-sac .
A tube was used to drain the rumen and prevent bloat during the procedure .
Repeated lumbar punctures were done to drain CSF and to reduce pressure .
All the lesions were approached stereotactically to get biopsies and/or to drain cystic lesions .
Fight AIDS as well as the brain drain .
Accordance between the veins and the glandular parts they drain is described .
Economic analysis of brain drain .
Both these systems mostly drain themselves into internal jugular veins .
Predictive factors associated with prolonged chest drain production after esophagectomy .
Suction drain retention sutures in the closure of the acute burst abdomen .
They drain into arcuate and interlobar vessels and then into hilar lymphatics .
Tumour-produced VEGF-C can also drain to the regional lymph nodes and induce lymphangiogenesis there .
To drain or not to drain in laparoscopic cholecystectomy : rationale and technique .
To drain or not to drain in thyroid surgery .
Simple renal cysts can spontaneously rupture and drain into the adjacent renal collecting system .
