This limits the ability to draw general conclusions from any particular system .
Three stage cluster sampling was employed to draw a representative sample of students .
Additional studies and improvements of the current technique are needed to draw final conclusions .
Therefore , it would be unwise to draw firm conclusions at this stage .
To draw attention on citalopram as a possible cause of movement disorders .
The results from the trial were insufficient to draw firm conclusions for this comparison .
HAC numbers on website draw criticism .
In conclusion , we will draw out some normative consequences of our narrative approach .
ACO plans draw more criticism from top execs .
They draw on their personal values to structure their professional position .
We draw upon published research evidence and qualitative case examples .
European nations draw up strategy to fight obesity .
Therefore we draw attention to adherance to the PRISMA statement .
The Cochrane reviews covering this field also do not draw firm conclusions .
Charity disclosures will draw unwelcome attention to hospital tax breaks .
It is possible to draw up a general schema .
Qualitative data was analysed manually to draw out themes , commonalities , and contrasts .
A computerized random-number generator was used to draw up an allocation schedule .
A team was formed to draw up and implement it .
Other subjects were presented words and asked to recall them or draw representational pictures .
It is not necessary to make judgements or draw conclusions about the observations charted .
Humans draw maps when communicating about places or verbally describe routes between locations .
The myocytes draw nearer and form specialized junctions , that ensure their cooperation .
The current review will draw together recent research and suggest directions for future investigation .
The authors draw upon their personal experience and expertise in feline genetics .
We draw from the limited published literature and use Cameroon as a case study .
Treatment strategies draw from experience in women and usually begin with surgery .
To draw attention to this unusual case and to review the relevant literature .
Prompts can be intrusive and draw attention to the problem , however .
