He refused to eat other types of food .
Heart failure risk is lower in women who regularly eat modest amounts of chocolate .
The physically active persons seem to eat more but not necessarily healthier food .
While watching , they could freely eat crisps and chocolate coated peanuts .
What helps children eat well ? A qualitative exploration of resilience among disadvantaged families .
Low-protein diets for hepatic encephalopathy debunked : let them eat steak .
Nurses were in progressive about clarifying why patients did not eat .
Online prenatal nutrition education : helping pregnant women eat healthfully using MyPyramid.gov .
Obesity as an addiction : Why do the obese eat more ?
Would students prefer to eat healthier foods at school ?
Seven young healthy men were asked to eat 900 g soybeans during 1 week .
Rats prefer energy-rich foods over chow and eat them to excess .
Eleven cats without a feeding tube were able to eat within 24 hours .
Eventually , the patient recovered and was able to eat by muscle rehabilitation .
How to encourage nursing home residents to eat in the dining room .
FDA warns US consumers not to eat spinach after E coli outbreak .
They eat water mold off infected toad clutches , increasing their hatching success .
[Children 's health. Most children relate health to what we eat ] .
To eat or not to eat pork , how frequently and how varied ?
You can n't have your cake and eat it too .
Patients could chew better and eat more tough foods .
Then participants could eat from a buffet before viewing a parallel picture set .
In rural Niger people often harvest or buy wild plant foods to eat .
Obese rats eat more than lean rats especially during the dark phase .
Editorial opinion : JCAH must eat its words or enforce them .
The cardiac anomalies were corrected , and he could eat unrestricted diets .
Six of these could eat 3 meals per day and enjoyed an unrestricted diet .
To eat or not to eat ; regulation by the melanocortin system .
I get my eyes checked , eat carefully , and test my blood sugar .
She refused to eat or take any medications .
