Nurses are in an ideal position to educate patients .
Interventions designed to educate women about dilator use benefit may increase adherence .
Thus , there is a need to educate the public about these side effects .
Mobile phones have the potential to motivate and educate obese children as well .
To educate pharmacists about the application of laboratory values in oncology .
To educate members of public services about basic principles of cardiopulmonary reanimation .
There are wide variations in how centers care for and educate donors with anemia .
Implementation often requires additional personnel to educate providers and collect the data .
Medical workers should publicize these facts and educate the public .
National Home Care Week : your opportunity to educate and inform .
This study demonstrates the efficacy of drama as a mechanism to educate and motivate .
To educate or not to educate : is that the question ?
Physical therapy educators seek teaching methodologies to efficiently educate students .
An interactive computer program can effectively educate potential users of cystic fibrosis carrier tests .
MyD88 - dependent TLR1/2 signals educate dendritic cells with gut-specific imprinting properties .
The computer program under evaluation can successfully educate individuals considering genetic testing for CF .
Dentists must educate themselves and their young patients about the prevention of such injuries .
Knowing that you can educate patients without seeing a doctor or nurse seems promising .
Opportunities to educate patients and obstetric providers on UCBB should be pursued .
Multi-media efforts are described that educate patients and restore competence to stand trial .
Patients are advising each other to " educate yourself and ask questions " .
Should society educate or legislate for health ?
In order to prevent lawsuits , physicians should educate and inform their patients .
[To educate and to inform the population about population ] .
Go tell it : using media to educate about birth .
The need to educate physician-scholars for leadership in the health care system .
Under new Medicare regulations , can we still educate for uncertainty ?
