However more research is needed to further elaborate the relatively higher prevalence .
Our findings point to an elaborate cytoplasmic access to compact CNS myelin .
Investigation of this phenomenon creates opportunity to elaborate new tool of prenatal diagnosis .
Most societies elaborate ways to contain increasing health care expenditures .
We elaborate the scheme with several examples of transformation matrices .
Here we elaborate potential experimental difficulties that might result in false-negative results .
This article aims to elaborate on the few connections worked out in these investigations .
Further randomized trials are needed to elaborate on our findings .
Many such matrices could be developed , some much more elaborate than others .
* Free-text entry responses allowed participants to elaborate on specific points as appropriate .
We will elaborate on possible explanations for this lack of clinical effectiveness .
We elaborate on the importance of non-Markovian organizations in topographic maps of sequential data .
Sexual selection is a major force driving the evolution of elaborate male sexual traits .
Hyperthermophiles have elaborate molecular mechanisms of adaptation to extremely high temperature .
Cells carrying the F ' mutation failed to elaborate F pili at all temperatures .
Getting good photographic results in endophotography is no longer a time-consuming and elaborate procedure .
For 1 year she experienced daily sudden , unexpected , vivid and elaborate hallucinations .
Factors affecting health club attendance : a comparison of simple and elaborate settings .
We elaborate on the different reasons that could explain these findings .
Some are more elaborate to use in clinical practice .
Less elaborate folds originate from the opposite sides of the cells .
This mini-review elaborate on details its health benefits .
Internal sensory receptors have more elaborate termini than those of C. elegans .
[How to elaborate a protocol on health research ] .
To elaborate and to validate a test to detect teenagers ' suicide behaviour .
To elaborate and to validate a test to detect teenagers ' suicide behaviour .
The decision-making process appeared to be careful and elaborate .
They elaborate the physiopathological basis and specify all details of this technique .
WHO assisted Georgia to elaborate and implement its first 1994-95 National Workplan on HIV/AIDS .
Patients with HYP can be characterized by attentional bias and more elaborate verbal processing .
