Forskolin ( Fsk ) and rolipram were used to elevate cAMP levels .
Exposure to American culture appeared to elevate ethnic minority women 's likelihood for PMDD .
Tacrolimus ointment in atopic blepharoconjunctivitis does not seem to elevate intraocular pressure .
Increased muscle activity to support these large moments may further elevate articular loads .
Co-stimulation with both MCP-1 and IL-6 did not elevate collagen accumulation further .
Taking risks or impulsivity may further elevate falls risk .
Enterosorbents elevate total protein and sugar in the blood .
A low energy intake tended to elevate UN concentrations in milk .
Phenylephrine was given iv to elevate systolic arterial pressure by 30 mm Hg .
Such endeavors substantially elevate the perception of the value of simulation within an institution .
Clozapine and PD149163 elevate prepulse inhibition in Brown Norway rats .
Those with ISA may elevate HDL unlike those beta-blocking agents without this property .
Honey was found to lower prostaglandin levels and elevate nitric oxide end products .
Conditions under which arousal does and does not elevate height estimates .
Are phosphate dusts able to trigger systemic inflammatory reaction and elevate inflammatory markers ?
However , repeated administration of RXR agonists can elevate blood triglyceride and induce hypothyroidism .
Sepsis or malignancy may elevate FPA levels and coexist with thromboembolism .
ex mutations elevate Wg signaling , but Dpp signaling antagonizes patterning effects of Wg .
In contrast , oxytocin did not elevate cGMP , but rapidly decreased cAMP levels .
Thus MSG can successfully elevate plasma glutamate , both at rest and during exercise .
The FBG level had a tendency to elevate as the grade of DM advanced .
The figures tended to elevate with the advance of age .
PSA values tended to transiently and mildly elevate during XRT .
We asses the extremity function by the ability to elevate and abduct it straight .
Phytochemicals have the potential to both elevate and suppress cytochrome P450 activity .
An ergonomic evaluation of a patient handling device : the elevate and transfer vehicle .
