The 5-HT receptor agonists DOI or mCPP also failed to elicit drug-seeking .
Eleven short stories have been used to elicit emotional arousal in 27 healthy participants .
Pups were fostered into litters of 6 or 12 to elicit divergent growth patterns .
Does Campylobacter jejuni infection elicit axonal or demyelinating Guillain-Barre syndrome , or both ?
Most successful vaccines elicit antibodies that protect against infection .
Thus , multivalent live-attenuated vaccines elicit multifactorial protective immunity to P. aeruginosa lung infections .
Thus endogenous danger signals and exogenous PAMPs elicit similar responses through seemingly similar mechanisms .
Mucosal infections elicit inflammatory responses via regulated signaling pathways .
Multi-feature objects elicit nonconscious priming despite crowding .
Precursor and mature BDNF are assumed to elicit opposing biological effects in neuroplasticity .
Evidence for a gut-brain axis used by glucagon-like peptide-1 to elicit hyperglycaemia in fish .
Engaging socially vulnerable populations to elicit ethical values and perspectives on rationing ; 3 .
Emulsions lacking sevoflurane failed to induce anesthesia but did elicit the allergic response .
PACAP increased excitability , but did not elicit Ca2+ release from intracellular stores .
The supernumerary synapses induced by PI3K overexpression are functional and elicit changes in behavior .
System of rabbit antigens which elicit skin-reacting transplantation antibodies and are different from RLA .
cGMP could elicit pP47 phosphorylation but only at high concentrations .
These vocalizations elicit maternal care and influence the behaviour of other juveniles .
In 2014 the expert panel will elicit feedback from peers and finalize the framework .
By contrast , vasopressin did not elicit an inflammatory response or modify CYP3A4 expression .
In patients and in control subjects , weak stimuli did not elicit EMG activation .
These eggs elicit an immune reaction that leads to the formation of granulomas .
However , bioabsorbable implants elicit a local foreign-body reaction that may lead to osteolysis .
Sodium chloride , HCl , quinine , or monosodium glutamate did not elicit CPIR .
CHS-treated cells may have unmasked tumor-associated antigens to which patients may elicit immunologic responses .
However , the mechanisms by which neurotrophins elicit gene expression remain largely unknown .
The mechanism by which multiple activators elicit such effects is unknown .
Both species are efficiently phagocytosed and elicit an oxidative burst by neutrophils and monocytes .
Calreticulin displays in vivo peptide-binding activity and can elicit CTL responses against bound peptides .
