Aqueous BWE was prepared and processed to eliminate contamination with particulates and microbes .
Propensity score analysis was performed in attempt to eliminate this selection bias .
Currently , there is no effective method to eliminate the viruses from fresh produce .
Simulation : can it eliminate failure to rescue ?
Adjustments for socio-demographic predictors did not eliminate state differences in oral health .
Even mucosectomy does not completely eliminate the risk .
Aspirin reduces but does not completely eliminate these side effects .
Part D coverage reduced but did not eliminate CRN for newly insured beneficiaries .
Inclusion of these measures attenuated but did not eliminate the significant race differences .
Peritoneal dialysis is a less efficient way to eliminate cefepime than hemodialysis .
Disposable electrocardiography leads eliminate risk of infection through these pathways .
Use of an intervention bundle to eliminate pressure ulcers in critical care .
CPFA can eliminate sE-selectin and sTM and improve the secretion function of ECs .
These circuits eliminate volume storage reservoirs and bubble traps to minimize the circuit .
These ablative operations eliminate the gastric reservoir and severely alter digestive physiology .
The results demonstrate our reconstructed volume can eliminate undesirable artifacts like blurring .
One must eliminate any allergy to one of its components before use .
Is it time to eliminate CT after EVAR as routine follow-up ?
UNSM process is expected to eliminate or significantly retard the formation of fretting wear .
Radial keratotomy is a controversial procedure to eliminate or reduce myopia .
An investigation was designed to eliminate or reduce the incidence of chymopapain anaphylaxis .
In addition , injection by micro injector eliminate sample biasing and increase reproductivity .
Chloramphenicol did not eliminate secretion , but under certain circumstances reduced its rate .
Macrophages eliminate opsonized trypanosomes from the bloodstream and are involved in immunosuppression .
This repositioning reduces or eliminate wrinkles by preventing hyperfunction of the frontal muscle .
JHAs are slow acting and eliminate ant colonies at a relatively slow rate .
Pasteurization reduced the activity , but did not eliminate it in skim milk .
Gaviscon can eliminate or displace the ' acid pocket ' in GERD patients .
Preservation of the space can eliminate or reduce the needforprolonged orthodontic treatment .
Silver carp might eliminate or lessen cell damage caused by MC through lysosome activation .
