The animals seemed unable to elongate dietary FA in significant amounts .
Combinations with pantothenic acid - lacking GS 2 also failed to elongate peptide chains .
Most cancer cells activate telomerase to elongate telomeres and achieve unlimited replicative potential .
Does short-segment columnar-lined esophagus elongate during a mean follow-up period of 5.7 years ?
The nucleus and cortical microtubules elongate along the spermatid body .
Such products do not elongate detectably over 60 minutes of incubation .
The retinal cones of teleost fish contract at dawn and elongate at dusk .
Teleost retinal cones contract in the light and elongate in the dark .
In dispersion , the microtrabeculae elongate in an apparent restructuring of the ellipsoidal cytoplast .
Metaphase spindles , in contrast , did not elongate nor lose their overlap region .
Its cells elongate and align mediolaterally as they rearrange .
Therefore loss of elastin permits the vessel to elongate and to become tortuous .
When autophagy is triggered , mitochondria elongate in vitro and in vivo .
Plant cells elongate irreversibly only when load-bearing bonds in the walls are cleaved .
The role of primase is to synthesize primers that pol alpha can elongate .
With increasing concentration of H-NS , the DNA molecules either elongate or contract .
During muscle differentiation , myoblasts elongate and fuse into syncytial myotubes [1 ] .
Cells elongate in the direction of the groove and migrate guided by the grooves .
Sox1 null lens fiber cells fail to elongate and have disrupted expression of gamma-crystallin .
The asters appeared to elongate and encompass the condensed chromatin .
We observed mutant dysmorphogenic odontoblasts that failed to properly elongate and differentiate .
The ability to elongate filaments due to cell division was preserved but modified .
Dpo1 is shown to elongate single-stranded DNA in template-dependent and template-independent manners .
These tissues go on to elongate , fold , segment , and form appendages .
Tonofibrillae connect the fibres to elongate epidermal cells which are composed primarily of microtubules .
We hypothesize that rubrospinal cells elongate SLDPs searching for corticorubral axons to form synapses .
Ultrastructural features included elongate cellular processes surrounded by discontinuous basal lamina and collagen .
ESTs are clustered and assembled to elongate the sequence length and abate redundancy .
They nucleate and processively elongate non-branched actin filaments and also modulate microtubule dynamics .
The maxilla is repositioned inferiorly to elongate the face and to achieve facial balance .
