More research is warranted to elucidate the etiologic mechanisms of these associations .
Further studies are needed to elucidate the role of impaired renal haemodynamics in OSA .
Further experimental studies are necessary to elucidate microfascicle formation .
Additional studies are needed to elucidate mechanisms of action and to establish causal inference .
More research is needed to elucidate treatment effects and to determine mechanisms .
We aimed to elucidate this as well as evaluate a home-care team .
X-ray crystal structures elucidate the nucleotidyl transfer reaction of transcript initiation using two nucleotides .
We elucidate the workings of such a clamp in an atomic detail .
We elucidate the differences between the two systems due to different confinement .
Further studies are clearly needed to elucidate cytokines ' role in adults with AD .
We aim to further elucidate various metabolic processes in the neural system .
Our results are expected to further elucidate various metabolic processes in the neural system .
This could further elucidate the biological underpinnings of depression and optimize its treatment .
Our calculations elucidate many recent experiments qualitatively and suggest further extensions of them .
Experiments to further elucidate the functions and properties of the IR6 protein were conducted .
Multiple measures elucidate glucocorticoid responses to environmental variation in predation threat .
In this study , we further elucidate this possible link .
In this report we elucidate further the melanocytic defect .
We elucidate how graphene bilayers form on Ir ( 111 ) .
The POP-ABC study will elucidate the nosogeny of ethnic disparities in glucose dysregulation .
This approach , however , does not elucidate the phase dynamics that underlies synchronization .
Targeting TNF-alpha to elucidate and ameliorate neuroinflammation in neurodegenerative diseases .
Patient and carer interviews to elucidate and verify district nurse data .
A physician has an obligation to elucidate and justify , treatment he proposes .
Further identification of novel causative genes and elucidate pathomechanisms of protein aggregation in necessary .
The intent was to elucidate on niche partitioning of these taxa .
To elucidate from mothers reasons and preferred methods for circumcising male children in Lagos .
We review the literature to elucidate about HEV infection and its autoimmune effects .
