Differences emerge in visceral adipose tissue accumulation after selection for innate cardiovascular fitness .
Plant pathogens emerge in agro-ecosystems following different evolutionary mechanisms over different time scales .
The galectin-3 - positive microglial cells emerge after the onset of neuronal cell damage .
Exposure to silver nanoparticles reduced the percentage of pupae able to emerge as adults .
However , VRE continue to emerge in a growing number of hospitals .
New high-throughput technologies continue to emerge for studying complex microbial communities .
Adaptation will be an evolving process as impacts emerge .
Treatments and palliation will continue to evolve as these new cases emerge .
Two major lines of evidence emerge .
Flies generally emerge in the proximity of hosts and maintain close contact with them .
However , some interesting numbers do emerge from the studies and these are highlighted .
Five arms emerge from each pentamer and insert into neighbouring pentamers .
These bands emerge and persist at 15 degrees-25 degrees to the plane of shear .
HCV variants with decreased susceptibility to these drugs can emerge and compromise therapy .
Firstly , defectors emerge and coarsen spontaneously among players adopting win - stay-lose-shift .
NA are polyreactive , germ-line-encoded , and emerge during embryogenesis without apparent antigenic stimuli .
Influenza A viruses continue to emerge from the aquatic avian reservoir and cause pandemics .
Crocodile head scales are not developmental units but emerge from physical cracking .
Adolescence is a period during which many social behaviors emerge .
This transition provides a paradigm for the way in which new pathogens could emerge .
However , there is limited data about the precursor lesions from which they emerge .
Based on our results two final conclusions emerge .
On the other hand , less clear results emerge regarding hospitalizations .
This allowed another dynamic cell assembly to emerge one after the other .
Enterobacter infections were common and emerge because they are resistant to first-generation cephalosporins .
At 30 degreesC larvae formed pupae but did not successfully emerge .
Cancer cachexia signaling pathways continue to emerge yet much still points to the proteasome .
The mechanisms by which gene expression patterns emerge during evolution are poorly understood .
