All IPLs assessed emit different spectra because of different filter technologies .
Consequently some ( but not all ) bats emit species-specific echolocation pulses .
All fluorinated metal chelates emit a single ( 19 ) F signal .
SYBR Green I can then bind to the hairpin to emit green fluorescence .
The present study proves that also estrone is able to emit electrons .
They were sometimes seen to emit a single long protrusion .
Hawking argued that black holes emit thermal radiation via a quantum spontaneous emission .
In particular , some CFLs emit short wavelength UV radiation at 253.7 nm .
Male field crickets emit pure-tone mating calls by rubbing their wings together .
Many nanoscale systems are known to emit light intermittently under continuous illumination .
PYY-immunoreactive cells were seen to emit cytoplasmic processes to the neighbouring goblet cells .
The chromophore has a chemical structure that can emit light in a photoprotein .
Such ceramic materials emit in the FIR when subjected to body temperature .
At 100 K , both monomers and polymers emit only at 450 nm .
All complexes emit at 77 K with lifetimes on the order of 4 mus .
Echolocating dolphins emit trains of clicks and receive echoes from ocean targets .
Echolocating bats emit sound signals and analyse the returning echoes to sense their environment .
The transistors emit blue electroluminescence and are stable during operation and storage .
In these conditions the cell bodies tended to emit neurites and to interconnect .
Yttrium-90 is widely used in radioimmunotherapy but does not emit photons for imaging .
These objects swallow up whatever comes near and emit nothing .
The 0.5MgF2.3.5MgO. GeO2 : Mn phosphor did not emit enough .
Herbivore-damaged plants emit volatile organic compounds that attract natural enemies of the herbivores .
Quantitative PET with positron emitters that emit prompt gamma rays .
Live LFCs are transparent , but emit autofluorescence after formaldehyde fixation .
Single atoms absorb and emit light from a resonant laser beam photon by photon .
