Intervention should emphasize teaching social skills .
Counseling messages should emphasize the importance of starting ART early .
Various publications and studies emphasize the importance of these drugs in evidence-based medicine .
During the remediation process , the remediation curriculum needs to emphasize self-reflection .
To describe the pathogenesis and emphasize prognosis of systemic inflammatory response during severe infection .
Clinicians need to emphasize wellness .
Other explanations emphasize how virulence evolves in response to competition among pathogens within hosts .
Most theories of categorization emphasize how continuous perceptual information is mapped to categories .
Several studies emphasize that margin-free tumor resection is the most important predictor of LR .
Guidelines emphasize activity enhancement strategies as beneficial .
Interventions to increase activity should emphasize behavioral strategies over cognitive strategies .
Because of the unclear evidence , guidelines emphasize the importance of shared decision-making .
They emphasize the importance of staff cooperation and discuss ways it can be fostered .
The findings emphasize the importance of screening and follow up monitoring of distress .
They emphasize the mechanisms of thermoregulation and discuss the pathophysiology of such hypothermia incidents .
These examples will further broaden the scope and emphasize the significance of ISR .
All existing cortical eQTL studies are small and emphasize the need for a meta-analysis .
This article details the findings and emphasize the criteria for recognizing hepatic hydatid disease .
Charted records of dizzy patients suggest emergency physicians emphasize symptom quality in diagnostic assessment .
Nobelists emphasize interdependence in global science and technology .
Hospitals begin to emphasize quality in devising strategic plans .
In this short review we emphasize what has actually been accomplished in this area .
At the end we emphasize where one might productively proceed for the future research .
For clarity , we emphasize that no mechanical stresses were considered .
They emphasize responsible , rather than conscious family attitudes .
To maximize benefit , clinicians should emphasize and encourage prevention strategies that are effective .
Both courses emphasize and utilize cutting-edge technology .
