Other virus species and cancer cells may employ analogous strategies to impair p53 activity .
Simulations involving the Lennard-Jones potential usually employ a cutoff at r = 2.5sigma .
To circumvent this error we employ the second flexural bending mode .
It is possible to employ cross-linking agents to improve physical properties of cooked YAN .
Hospitals ' race to employ physicians--the logic behind a money-losing proposition .
It is helpful to detect CA-125 level and employ B-mode ultrasound imaging .
There are little data on how older adults with schizophrenia employ various coping styles .
Many types of mass spectrometers employ rf-only quadrupoles as ion guides .
They are novel lectins that employ the fibrinogen-like domain as a functional domain .
Clinicians are encouraged to employ these methods in routine practice .
The decision to employ vitamin preparations in therapeutic amounts clearly rests with the physician .
It is important to employ chelation therapy prior to any operative intervention .
These systems employ various imaging modalities , but few include clinical parameters .
The algorithms used are statistical , but they employ nonlinear dynamics and machine learning .
Health care providers employ regulation strategies and patients and their families employ substitution strategies .
What Strategies do US hospitals employ to reduce unwarranted clinical practice variations ?
We also employ an error correction methodology that effectively utilizes the channel model .
This article explores several safeguards public hospital can employ to ensure adequate accountability .
Nidoviruses employ unique strategies to replicate and express their exceptionally large RNA genomes .
Meanwhile , RICA is essentially an unsupervised method and does not employ class information .
Both assays are competitive in nature but employ quite different types of ligands .
Osteoporosis is a treatable condition and the oncologist should employ ADT with this knowledge .
We employ an acousto-optic cell as a tunable-pitch wavefront sensor and study its performance .
The first four employ transplantation as well , and the fifth uses dialysis .
Current methods of myocardial protection usually employ together with topical hypothermia by pericardial lavage .
The objective was to describe strategies pregnant adolescents employ in coping with domestic violence .
At present , its 54 companies employ directly and indirectly about 50,000 people .
Good results can be obtained when suturing a nerve employ with epineural anchoring stitches .
Measurement of blood urea based in optical sensing by employ in hemodialysis treatment .
Critical reflection is needed on the strategies practitioners employ to deal with MUPS .
