The obtained LMCS can be used to encapsulate drugs and release them .
The vesicles were demonstrated to encapsulate a hydrophobic guest polyfluorene ( PF ) .
We demonstrate the possibility to encapsulate yeast cells using self-rolled tubes .
Our method is promising to encapsulate islets without affecting cell viability or increasing volume .
The present study was undertaken in order to encapsulate pilocarpin into nanoparticles .
A robust , double emulsion production process was developed to encapsulate drugs into nanoparticles .
ASC-P vesicles called aspasomes are submicron-sized particles that can encapsulate hydrophilic drugs .
We have developed novel adhesion molecule-targeted double-shelled microspheres which encapsulate nitrogen .
How fibroblasts and giant cells encapsulate implants : considerations in design of glucose sensors .
This hydrogel does not swell and cannot encapsulate small molecules .
We have previously developed methods to encapsulate COINs and to functionalize them with antibodies .
Liposomes were employed to encapsulate OHAs and facilitate their transfer into the cytosol .
The gel was able to encapsulate and release various proteins .
This feature is used to reversibly encapsulate and release guest molecules in solution .
Ferritin nanocages to encapsulate and deliver photosensitizers for efficient photodynamic therapy against cancer .
1 x 2 can encapsulate small molecules of various size from methane to cyclopentane .
In the latter , gold nanoparticles encapsulate an impurity nucleus .
Caged compounds are light-sensitive probes that functionally encapsulate biomolecules in an inactive form .
The hydrogels can encapsulate cells and support cell survival .
Liposomes encapsulate hydro and liposoluble , pharmacologically and cosmetically active components .
These ET tubes encapsulate trivial interference effects and can expose crucial inter-tube interference effects .
Remarkably , these nanohybrids encapsulate dissolved oxygen and are highly active in electrochemical reduction .
Cyclodextrins encapsulate and electrostatically bind to lipophilic molecules .
The gel matrix could encapsulate and release bioactive molecules in a sustained manner .
Simple coacervates of zein to encapsulate Gitoxin .
GroES could not encapsulate GroEL - bound MalZ .
AgNPs with a positive surface charge could encapsulate pIREGFP-H5 efficiently .
