Quantum reflection allows an atom or molecule to be reflected from a solid before it reaches the region where it would encounter the repulsive potential of the surface .
If the additional cancer items ( including a lay summary ) are not provided by registrants of cancer trials on ANZCTR , this can compromise the quality and usefulness of the data for the end-user , in this case consumers , as they may encounter gaps in the data .
Nurses in all clinical settings encounter ethical issues that frequently lead to moral distress .
This study adds weight to findings in previous studies that many general practitioners encounter CAM in their consultations and explores reasons why they choose to engage with it .
Acute care bedside nurses frequently encounter significant barriers while providing discharge-related care .
With increases in the incidence of both endometrial cancer and births by C-S , it is likely we will encounter more cases of iatrogenic implants of endometrial cancers in C-S scars .
During infection and invasion , the bacteria cross the physical barriers and later it encounter with the host defence mechanism .
Institutions that have not achieved a critical mass of attractive research resources or effective dissemination mechanisms may encounter persistent difficulty attracting researchers to use institutional resources .
Clearly , how programs position permanent housing has very different implications for how providers understand their work , the pressures they encounter , and how they prioritize client goals .
Non-wetting surfaces are imperative to the survival of terrestrial and semi-aquatic insects as they afford resistance to wetting by rain and other liquid surfaces that insects may encounter .
How individual ACS NSQIP leaders designated as Surgeon Champions ( SC ) utilize the ACS NSQIP at the hospital level and the obstacles they encounter are not well studied .
They strive to keep this ideal image at the cost of their own needs , taking a long time to seek help for the obstacles they encounter .
An identical physician patient encounter with a patient presenting with diabetes symptoms was videotaped with varying patient attributes .
The main difficulty lies in providing resident physicians with sufficient exposure to all of the conditions that they will likely encounter once their training ends .
The encounter of a Ca ( 2+ ) ion with a protein and its subsequent binding to specific binding sites is an intricate process that cannot be fully elucidated from experimental observations .
Studies of the doctor-patient relationship have focused on the elaboration of power and/or authority using a range of techniques to study the encounter between doctor and patient .
Through understanding how they conceive the encounter with patients with obesity , treatment may be improved .
No one could intentionally produce a chance encounter with others .
Asthma is one of the most common causes of school absenteeism , and many children are affected by , or encounter , it in the school setting .
Using the transparent Daphnia hosts and fluorescently-labelled spores of the bacterium P. ramosa , we identified a sequence of infection steps : encounter between parasite and host ; activation of parasite dormant spores ; attachment of spores to the host ; and parasite proliferation inside the host .
This study ( N = 500 ) examined gender differences in emotional reactions after hooking up and explored the relationship between specific processes in the hooking up encounter and reactions to hooking up .
Objectively , this synchronicity is nothing but a chance encounter .
Occupational health nurses provide most of the in-plant health care services in U.S. industry but have dubious credentials to provide care for many of the injuries and illnesses they encounter .
This work investigates how American college students make meaning of the heterosexism and homophobia they encounter in their daily lives .
Clinicians frequently encounter patients who reject standard treatment , but data on outcomes of patients choosing CAM as primary treatment for breast cancer are also lacking .
However , there is at present no standard treatment in the numerous reconstruction procedures , and many prostheses encounter inflammatory rejection and mechanical constraint problems .
Some variations in pulmonary vein anatomy can have serious consequences in patients undergoing lung surgery , but clinicians rarely encounter patients with these variations .
