Hippocampal neurons encode different episodes in an overlapping sequence of odors task .
Specific insulin-like peptides encode sensory information to regulate distinct developmental processes .
SHANK genes encode a family of synaptic scaffolding proteins located postsynaptically on excitatory synapses .
Therefore , MCO3 may encode an insect ferroxidase .
Its 1.2 Mb-genome was initially predicted to encode 917 genes .
In Zea mays three dxs genes exist that encode plastid-targeted functional enzymes .
Twelve LQTS genes have been identified and most of them encode cardiac ion channels .
These two exons encode the central portions of URF-1 , and are highly conserved .
SUI-family genes encode phosphatidylserine synthases and regulate stem development in rice .
In Arabidopsis thaliana 58 genes encode these six trans-membrane domain proteins .
In most animals , multiple genes encode protein kinase C ( PKC ) proteins .
In Arabidopsis , one-third of the genes required for embryo development encode plastid-localized proteins .
The Yap and TAZ genes encode highly conserved domains which bind various transcription factors .
The two genes encode variant small subunits that differ by four amino acid residues .
The BtuB group col plasmids and homology between the colicins they encode .
xylA and xylB share an operon and encode xylose isomerase and xylulokinase , respectively .
These alleles lack sequence similarity and encode different transcriptional regulators .
Both calcitonin and psi Cal mRNAs are functional and encode different polypeptide products .
Nine genes of Arabidopsis ( Arabidopsis thaliana ) encode for beta-amylase isozymes .
Homeobox genes encode for regulatory proteins central to hematopoietic differentiation and proliferation .
Roco genes encode for large proteins with several protein domains .
The clone was shown to encode PG II by hybrid selected translation and immunoprecipitation .
The additional z-gradients encode the instantaneous through plane position of the slice .
In this population , HLA-DQ7 did not encode an increased risk for RA .
The p53 family comprises three genes that encode for p53 , p63 and p73 .
A 49-kilobase linear plasmid contains the genes that encode for these surface proteins .
This ORF was predicted to encode for 482 amino acid residues .
The four groups were similar in their ability to encode and interpret social cues .
BnPAP12-4 and BnPAP12-6 ( Group II ) have seven introns and encode 526-aa PAP12s .
The chemical sense of insects has evolved to encode and classify odorants .
