Furthermore , government policy should work to encourage improved filial behavior in youth .
Addressing unstated patient fears about colonoscopy to encourage reluctant patients to undergo screening colonoscopy .
More should be done to encourage them to persevere through the first few weeks .
However , recent observations encourage a fundamentally different view .
They encourage setting up regional and subpopulation databases , especially for forensic applications .
Practitioners should also encourage PWE to improve their social support contacts .
Collective wisdom : recommended texts to encourage wisdom in trainees .
All these services provide guidelines that encourage patient self-management even after discharge from hospital .
Exploring strategies to encourage community health outreach by health promotion volunteers in Japan .
A campaign to encourage hand hygiene in schools .
HIV VCT programmes should encourage HIV-infected mothers to complete childhood Immunisation .
By sharing this information , physicians encourage collaboration .
Electronic quick orders were developed to encourage appropriate antibiotic selection and simplify order creation .
Interviewing techniques must be designed to encourage rapport and reduce fear .
Decompression relieves jaundice , promotes clot lysis , and may encourage cessation of bleeding .
These results encourage us to pursue in vivo studies .
This will encourage psychiatrists to refer people to community programmes .
How can we encourage our students to take initial steps toward independent investigation ?
Participation in clinical reconstructions may encourage early diagnosis and prompt treatment of postpartum haemorrhage .
Less cumbersome regimens encourage compliance and are preferred .
The immunological pathway is still unknown and our results encourage further studies .
Intervention reduces coercion from male partners and may encourage women to leave unsafe relationships .
Accessible resources to encourage and support smoking cessation among these patients are limited .
Efforts to encourage and maintain breakfast consumption in children and adolescents are warranted .
Physicians should encourage and help all their smoking patients to quit .
These studies encourage and will inform the continued development of viable recombinant adenovirus vaccines .
Meanwhile , MANOS could encourage and expedite this process .
Drug regulatory authorities are urged to consult experts and encourage debate before issuing warnings .
It is important to encourage self-confidence in the patient and to avoid overprotection .
