Intergroup comparison was significant if 95 % CI did not encompass 1 .
Clinical diagnoses of complex diseases may often encompass multiple genetically heterogeneous disorders .
Genetic regulatory networks usually encompass a multitude of complex , interacting feedback loops .
Adaptive treatment margins required to encompass these errors were calculated .
This circuitry is further posited to encompass at least two channels .
How can genetic analyses be conducted to encompass this complexity ?
The critique is generally related to how estimates of heritability may encompass environmental mediation .
In fact , all known syndromes encompass all types of defective lateralization .
Apart from traditional biological factors , prevention of metabolic syndrome should also encompass QoL .
Some of these proteins have known cellular functions and they encompass many signaling pathways .
Brain-related researches encompass many fields of studies and usually involve worldwide collaborations .
Genomic regulatory blocks encompass multiple neighboring genes and maintain conserved synteny in vertebrates .
Attentional deficits in DLB are widespread and encompass all aspects of attentional function .
Array-specific ITDs are mapped and encompass the entire auditory space of the barn owl .
Other biomarkers are currently in the validation phase and encompass combinations of multiple genes .
To explore the factors that encompass maternal self-efficacy in providing food for the home .
Medical audit needs to encompass physical , psychological and social aspects to patient functioning .
Homemade dose-build-up-cradle was designed to encompass mouse bed for homogeneous dose build up .
The discussions of the issues they encompass are intended to inform and to stimulate .
Long-term anti-stigma campaigns that encompass human-rights-based , normalization , and educational approaches are needed .
Treatment programs commonly encompass adapted physical activity ( APA ) .
To what extent do three subjective health questionnaires encompass and measure these treatment effects ?
Spiritual needs are quite varied and encompass more than religion .
History taking should not only encompass prescribed but also over-the-counter medication .
Control groups ideally encompass and realistically reflect prevailing medical practices .
