Combination of prescribing restrictions and policies to engineer low prices to reduce reimbursement costs .
Isolating and defining cells to engineer human blood vessels .
Considerable efforts were made to genetically engineer S. cerevisiae to ferment xylose .
Design of experiments approach to engineer cell-secreted matrices for directing osteogenic differentiation .
Many efforts have been made to engineer stress tolerance by accumulating polyols .
Here , we attempted to engineer this protein for targeting purposes .
Sequential assembly of cell-laden hydrogel constructs to engineer vascular-like microchannels .
Stress responsive DEAD-box helicases : a new pathway to engineer plant stress tolerance .
Do they also engineer brain cell death and deterioration ?
These results suggest novel approaches to foster stable cell-cell adhesion and engineer tissues .
The time has come to engineer tissues and not just tissue engineer .
Hijacking nature--new approaches to unravel enzyme mechanisms and engineer improved biocatalysts .
Here , we engineer Drosophila hypomorphic for ADAR expression using homologous recombination .
Transcription factors as tools to engineer enhanced drought stress tolerance in plants .
Synthetic biologists engineer systems with desired properties from simple and well-characterized biological parts .
Consequently , there is considerable interest in technologies to engineer and manufacture them .
Human antibody libraries : a race to engineer and explore a larger diversity .
Using affinity chromatography to engineer and characterize pH-dependent protein switches .
Graduate journal : from biochemist to engineer .
From aircraft engineer to FBI suspect .
Simpler biological systems should be easier to understand and to engineer towards pre-defined goals .
Non-linear density-dependent effects of an intertidal ecosystem engineer .
Nutrition engineer .
Memoirs of an early heart-valve engineer .
We engineer a conditional null-mutant and show that TgTic20 is essential for parasite growth .
