These spike sources were in close proximity or seemed to engulf the magnetic AEF .
Designing synthetic vesicles that engulf nanoscopic particles .
These transformed haemocytes retained their ability to engulf material of the disintegrating fibre .
Phagocytosis is an immune receptor-mediated process whereby cells engulf large particles .
These stars can engulf their sub-stellar companions when they become red giants .
Corneal epithelial cells can engulf particulate matter .
Fungi possess robust cell walls and do not engulf prey cells by phagotrophy .
Macrophages have the tendency to engulf Van-Au NPs through endocytosis .
Macrophages were shown to engulf GMPs by endocytosis .
Interleukin-2 activated microglia engulf tumor infiltrating T cells in the central nervous system .
During autophagy , autophagosomes engulf cytoplasmic components , including cytosolic proteins and organelles .
Following laser treatment , macrophages engulf the altered pigment .
Chaperonins engulf other proteins and accelerate their folding by an unknown mechanism .
These processes engulf clusters of varicosities and accumulate intracellular degradative compartments .
Alveolar macrophages ( AMs ) encounter the particles and attempt to engulf the particles .
Fibroblastic processes appeared to wrap around and engulf tumor cells .
These cells capture and engulf pathogens and subsequently destroy them in intracellular vacuoles-the phagosomes .
Neutrophils are viable and actively engulf S. Tm , as demonstrated by live microscopy .
Exposed phosphatidylserine is recognized by macrophages that engulf and degrade the affected cells .
Macrophages were observed to engulf and degrade the cystozoites and cyst debris .
The primary function of neutrophils is to engulf and destroy invading pathogens .
Synthetic biodegradable ionomers that engulf , store , and deliver intact proteins .
Neutrophils engulf and kill bacteria using oxidative and nonoxidative mechanisms .
Neutrophils engulf and kill bacteria when their antimicrobial granules fuse with the phagosome .
Neutrophils engulf Salmonella during early stages of infection , but bacterial killing is incomplete .
