This might be a promising way to enhance biodegradation of PAHs .
Strategies are suggested to enhance the accessibility of services .
Many meditation practices are explicitly designed to enhance specific , well-defined core cognitive processes .
Neurotrophin gradients distal to the bridge greatly enhance axon outgrowth .
Interventions to enhance return-to-work for cancer patients .
Use of peer teaching to enhance student and patient education .
Novel materials to enhance corneal epithelial cell migration on keratoprosthesis .
All the three phytochemicals enhance 2DG uptake both in time- and dose-dependent manner .
Comparison of five different targeting ligands to enhance accumulation of liposomes into the brain .
Plasmonic nanostructures offer a great potential to enhance light-matter interaction at the nanometer scale .
Towards a strategy to enhance access to microbial diversity .
The Performance Enhancement Training Model was developed to enhance performance with this non-patient population .
These stressors could undermine rather than enhance clinical confidence .
The reporting time serves to enhance group identity , reduce anxieties and relieve isolation .
Targeted programming to enhance body image and address teasing/bullying behaviors is strongly recommended .
Carbon nanotubes enhance CpG uptake and potentiate antiglioma immunity .
Greater standardization could enhance patient care and reduce health care costs .
Both strategies enhance model predictability and will be elucidated by an example application .
BHT can either enhance or inhibit mutagenic potency , depending on the substance tested .
Unlike TBOA , DHK did not enhance the tail current but rather inhibited it .
In addition , these systems enhance reproducibility and significantly reduce reaction times .
Health festivals were held annually to enhance health consciousnesses and to improve health behavior .
The results also highlighted factors that enhance and hinder the smooth delivery of care .
Mycobacteria have the ability to enhance or depress immune responses .
Antiphlogistics were found to enhance the membrane viscosity both in control and under inflammation .
Lactobacillus reuteri supplementation decreases allergen responsiveness and may enhance immunoregulatory capacity during infancy .
GH treatment increases height velocity and may enhance bone mineralization in children with CD .
Alone , they did not enhance or inhibit apoptosis .
Novel mutations that enhance or repress the aggregation potential of SOD1 .
Furthermore , oxidants enhance and antioxidants diminish radiation-induced instability .
