To ensure the needed realism , the simulations must be performed with deformable bodies .
Findings were triangulated to ensure the reliability and trustworthiness of findings .
Working within a multidisciplinary team is basic to ensure the success of the RT .
Primary care can take steps to ensure respect .
Setting sample size to ensure narrow confidence intervals for precise estimation of population values .
Awareness of this abnormality will ensure its prompt recognition and optimal management .
Macrodissection was carried out to ensure more than 80 % carcinoma in the sample .
Maintaining good hemostasis is vital to ensure clear vision during arthroscopic surgery .
Uniformity testing is performed daily to ensure adequate camera performance before clinical use .
To ensure efficacy and prevent toxicity , therapeutic drug monitoring is highly recommended .
Proper metabolic support is essential to restore homeostasis and ensure survival .
New strategies need to take this into account and ensure patient adherence .
They must ensure that their own knowledge and clinical practice are up to date .
This can ensure patients have adequate fluid and diet intake .
Doctors should ensure that intentional changes to patient prescriptions are clearly documented .
The relatively small IP values ensure effective hole injection from the source electrode .
We discuss implications of these findings for mechanisms that ensure crossover formation during meiosis .
LOVD contains measures to ensure database security from unauthorized access .
Coordination and central documentation ensure quality of treatment and permit clinical and scientific investigations .
Such uniformity in data collection will ensure comparability across studies and facilitate future research .
These improvements ensure excision of the proper amount of tissue and reduce intraoperative trauma .
Doctors are bound to ensure and improve the quality of their own work .
Cyanoacrylate skin adhesive is increasingly used to ensure and stabilize wound closures .
Sphincterotomy catheter or balloons were used to enlarge and ensure a wide cystoenterostomy .
By cleaving ubiquitin from another protein , DUBs ensure that the UPP functions properly .
In addition specific immunoglobulin preparations will ensure that the IVIG contains reliable antibacterial activity .
In most cases , only exploratory laparotomy will ultimately ensure surgical resectibility .
Giving oxygen if available and ensure a clear airway at all times .
