Predictions provided by action-outcome probabilities entail a degree of ( first-order ) uncertainty .
Such improvement would entail a stricter adherence to International Diabetes Federation recommendations .
This assessment should entail stratification of patients- and mechanisms-at-risk for VQM .
This may affect screening performance and entail unnecessary anxiety in these women .
Vaginism may even entail psychosocial advantages for the women in some cases .
A variety of other medications have been found or suspected to entail risks .
Its assessment should entail echocardiography rather than measurement of the QRS duration .
Recently , considerable debate has emerged about whether hippocampal-dependent tasks necessarily entail task awareness .
Besides their beneficial effect on survival , these behaviours also entail various costs .
The new concepts entail fewer complications and are better accepted by the patients .
Complete resection is curative , but incomplete resections entail the risk of relapse .
Reoperations entail an excess risk of surgical morbidity and may be avoidable .
These strategies entail jointly modeling the mean and dispersion structures in hierarchical models .
These techniques entail passing an electron beam through a thin specimen .
However , these methods provide very little information for the material cost they entail .
Nine of them are fixed in chromosome 2 and entail two breakpoint reuses .
These restrictions are extremely trade disruptive and entail significant losses to the poultry industry .
These are not equivalent and entail assumptions or approximations that may be not appreciated .
The decrease in estrogen doses appears overall to entail more benefits than disadvantages .
However , these procedures are quite elaborate and entail risks and dangers in themselves .
During pregnancy infections can entail disorders in many different ways .
Men argued that not breastfeeding could entail sanctions by kin or in court .
Clinical decisions often entail in intertemporal trade-off .
We examine here what these entail regarding nursing care .
They fear the threat to their relationship with clients that managed care might entail .
Practical legislation is feasible and a proposal of what this should entail is presented .
