This adds to the repertoire of chemokine receptors permitting them to enter diverse tissues .
Furthermore , chx21 chx23 pollen tubes failed to enter the micropyle of excised ovules .
C21 is awaited to enter a phase I clinical study in 2011 .
Patients also could enter a 1-year study extension phase .
Regulating neutrophil apoptosis : new players enter the game .
Non-coding RNAs enter mitosis : functions , conservation and implications .
Diverse enveloped viruses enter cells by endocytosis and fusion with intracellular compartments .
Globulins enter the healthy brain in conjunction with 2-O-hexyldiglycerol .
The major group human rhinovirus type 8 can enter cells via heparan sulphate .
At no time did more than a single mouse enter the operant compartment .
Mouse Emi2 is required to enter meiosis II by reestablishing cyclin B1 during interkinesis .
Foster Medical 's home care division to enter joint ventures in 2 states .
Subsequently , the oogonia enter meiosis and become oocytes .
Exogenous negatively-charged PS or PI may enter plasma membranes and increase Ca++ binding levels .
Thus ; bacterial hydrolases can enter the tumour tissue and lead to oncolysis .
Perfluorinated compounds ( PFCs ) can cross the placental barrier and enter fetal circulation .
Some cells eventually escape the cell cycle arrest and enter mitosis .
Methyl sulphate inhibited chloride self-exchange and may enter depolarized fibre membranes slowly .
LXR-alpha selectively reprogrammes cancer cells to enter into apoptosis .
Whether this innovative concept will enter into clinical routine remains yet to be determined .
In their absence , cells may enter into a quiescent ( G0 ) state .
Pharmaceuticals enter aquatic environments in unchanged form or as metabolites .
These peptide hormones enter the CSF through the choroid plexus or by direct secretion .
Fetal progenitor cells enter the maternal circulation during pregnancy and can persist for decades .
Other toxic compounds have also been designed to enter via this transporter .
As these cells seemed to enter into G2/M compartment immediately .
During reoxygenation calcium also appears to enter through nonspecific sarcolemmal permeability changes .
HIV-1 requires Arf6 - mediated membrane dynamics to efficiently enter and infect T lymphocytes .
PHProteomicDB has a user-friendly administration interface to enter and update data .
Subjects were allowed to enter and leave the maze goal box at will .
