We hypothesized that atrial overdrive pacing would transiently suppress JT but would entrain AVNRT .
Light-dark cycles are considered important cues to entrain biological clocks .
Pulsatile insulin infusion failed to entrain a corresponding glucagon secretory rhythm .
Pacing did not readily entrain the PPs in either intact or transected jejunum .
Restricted daily feeding can entrain an endogenous circadian clock of rodents .
Their activity may entrain the spinal central pattern generator ( CPG ) .
During peptide-induced oscillations , motor neuron activity did not always entrain muscle oscillations .
Light-dark cues entrain oviposition time in the chicken hen .
Changing the feeding mode could entrain circadian oscillators both in the brain and liver .
He had tried unsuccessfully to entrain his rhythms for over 10 years .
Light is able to both suppress or entrain MLT production on light schedule .
Respiration-related efferent activity in the cardiac vagus appeared to entrain the heart to ventilation .
Circadian rhythms possess the ability to robustly entrain to the environmental cycles .
Ventilation frequency showed a clear , but intermittent tendency to entrain with limb frequency .
The primary hallmark of circadian clocks is their ability to entrain to environmental stimuli .
They also entrain to the 24-hr multiple of WR 6:6 .
Contrary to expectations , these embryos did not entrain to new cycles .
Dancers entrain more effectively than non-dancers to another actor 's movements .
Novel non-indolic melatonin receptor agonists differentially entrain endogenous melatonin rhythm and increase its amplitude .
EPSPs can also enable rhythmicity in " potential " oscillators and entrain them .
Pulses of Notch activation synchronise oscillating somite cells and entrain the zebrafish segmentation clock .
The physiological signals that synchronise and entrain Hes oscillators remain poorly understood .
USCN-X lizards remained rhythmic , and their locomotor rhythms did entrain to the injections .
