The prevention program was expected to eradicate HBV-related hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) .
Early surgical treatment may be necessary to eradicate Cladophialophora species .
Aminoglycosides are among the most potent antimicrobials to eradicate Pseudomonas aeruginosa .
Recently , attempts have been made to eradicate this virus with interferon treatment .
More intensive immunization should be considered to eradicate CRS completely in Japan .
Future drugs for HCV infection might make possible to eradicate HCV in future .
Quadruple or triple therapy to eradicate H pylori .
Can probiotic lactobacilli eradicate persistent carriage of meticillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ?
Gene therapy strategies : can we eradicate HIV ?
Metronidazole produced holes in the biofilm but did not eradicate the organisms .
Great care must be taken to eradicate disease and avoid complications .
A major challenge is to eradicate subclinical disease in remission and prevent leukemic relapse .
Can we eradicate HIV by treatment intensification ?
Targeting notch to eradicate pancreatic cancer stem cells for cancer therapy .
In animal study , the combined treatment could eradicate the BEL7404 xenograft tumors .
Appropriate parenteral antibiotics can eradicate intra-amniotic infection and potentially prolong pregnancy .
Cefazolin did not eradicate the biofilms but significantly reduced the biofilm of one strain .
Immediate and adequate treatment can eradicate the infection and block subsequent complications .
Scabies is a common parasitic infestation and is very difficult to eradicate from institutions .
C. pyloridis infection is difficult to eradicate with current therapies .
Bacteriuria is difficult to eradicate in maintenance hemodialysis patients and may require bilateral nephrectomy .
Helicobacter pylori chronic gastritis in children : to eradicate or not to eradicate ?
They are difficult to eradicate and often recur .
New methods are needed to eradicate or prevent Chlamydia trachomatis infections .
It was decided to eradicate the disease by slaughter rather than use vaccine .
