Successful pregnancy requires coordinated maternal-fetal cross-talk to establish vascular connections that support conceptus growth .
However , larger studies are required to establish this link .
In two patients , TEE was essential to establish the diagnosis .
To establish a three-dimensional digital dental model through scanning dental impression directly with micro-CT .
The study proposed quantitative parameters to establish stopping criteria during auditory steady-state recordings .
Plants have to adjust , grow and establish themselves in various changing environmental conditions .
However , every transplant center must establish its own guidelines on organ acceptability .
Interactions at different levels between these factors establish the spatiotemporal patterning of ICD activation .
The parasitic protozoan Leishmania invades mammalian macrophages to establish infection .
Synthesis of fluorescein isothiocyanate labelled polypeptide and establish a method for detection of PRRSV .
To establish the current Chiari knowledge base and develop recommendations for future research .
We examined clinical records to establish determinants of outcome and illustrate long-term results .
Segregation analysis allowed us to establish that the mutations were in trans .
We establish that the loss of FANCD2 increases cell death in response to etoposide .
These results establish that total and HMW adiponectin levels decline during a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp .
Several lines of evidence establish periodontal disease as an important risk factor for atherosclerosis .
The authors establish normal values for eyelid anthropometry in an Indian population .
In these regions , 5-HT terminals establish asymmetric synaptic junctions .
The clinical aspect is misleading , but pathognomic imaging can establish diagnosis .
We establish chromatin-RNA immunoprecipitation and show that FOS pre-mRNA is cotranscriptionally spliced .
Vaccine virus can therefore establish latency and can later reactivate as herpes zoster .
To establish and characterize primary lung cancer cell lines from Chinese population .
It is important to establish and comply with an evidence-based preventive strategy .
To establish and explain the pattern of molecular signatures across colorectal polyps .
Controversy exists regarding whether to establish the cause or to empirically treat as reflux .
IFNs are secreted and establish a local and systemic antiviral state in responsive cells .
PGCs are able to differentiate into oocytes and spermatogonia and establish totipotency after fertilization .
After recovery and in elective indications proctectomy and proctocolectomy establish the general surgical standard .
