Simulation was used to estimate condition-specific effects .
Bootstrap analysis was performed to estimate uncertainties in outcomes , and hence in a/beta .
A factorial experiment was conducted to estimate the influence of patient and physician attributes .
It is difficult to estimate these kinetic constants from available experimental data .
Equations to estimate histopathology from MR imaging parameters were calculated by linear regression analysis .
We were able to estimate with confidence the circadian phase for each .
To estimate , from the literature , when nonlactating postpartum women regain fertility .
The Kaplan-Meier estimate of survival was 88 % at 14 years .
And also sternal lengths exhibit weaker correlation coefficients and higher standard errors of estimate .
To estimate patient preoperative anxiety , and determine associated factors .
To estimate the prevalence of dysmenorrhea in Iranian women and investigate associated risk factors .
To estimate the prevalence of self-reported voice problems and to identify associated factors .
The estimate of the overall clinical attack rate was 36 % .
The Kaplan-Meier estimate for the one-year cumulative probability of contraceptive protection was 99.21 % .
The EC effect estimate was robust to addition of gaseous pollutants .
We estimate the dividend , 1985-2025 , in sub-Saharan Africa and its populous countries .
Prevention : A new model to estimate lifetime risk of CVD .
The use of a conversion factor can accurately estimate the ADR from the PDR .
We also estimate the odds of HIV transmission according to pharmacological intervention received .
Learning to estimate out-of-plane motion in ultrasound imagery of real tissue .
A method to estimate off-schedule observations in a longitudinal study .
A simple estimate for extracellular volume : too simple ?
Burn severity was estimate by % TBSA .
Population-based estimate of the sibling recurrence risk ratio for rhegmatogenous retinal detachment .
To estimate complication rates from Christchurch institutions and compare this with the international literature .
Muscle samples were removed to estimate glycogen concentration and after incubation , ultimate pH .
To estimate prevalence historically , currently and into the future .
Logistic regression models were used to estimate and compare proportions .
The Kaplan-Meier and log-rank methods were used to estimate and compare survival rates .
Cancer age : can we reliably estimate and apply this knowledge ?
