Postoperative CT scans were used to evaluate the radiographic change in the symphyseal area .
Further evaluation may be needed to evaluate the progress of remineralization and long-term results .
Participants completed questionnaires to evaluate screening behaviors , health literacy , and demographic characteristics .
SEM was used to evaluate cell distribution throughout the constructs .
The objective of this study was to evaluate breast MRI after bilateral mastectomy .
To evaluate the costs of PD in an outpatient cohort in Portugal .
To evaluate the left ventricular structure and function in isolated metabolic syndrome .
It is to devise and evaluate arguments intended to persuade .
To evaluate ocular wavefront aberrations in keratoconus and describe their effect on visual quality .
We will also evaluate the acceptance of the telemedical care concept by the patients .
( 1 ) To evaluate feasibility and safety of hybrid transgastric NOTES cholecystectomy .
A biomechanical assessment to evaluate breed differences in normal porcine medial collateral ligaments .
Replication studies evaluate technologies in usual use settings .
We evaluate treatment efficacy in the hands of novice versus experienced operators .
Additional research will evaluate the model 's efficacy in clinical practice .
To summarise and evaluate the current evidence for acupuncture as a treatment for PMS .
To evaluate renal colic frequency in different seasons and around full moon .
We analyzed fracture healing and evaluate function by observation of the postoperative X-ray films .
A large number of patients is required to evaluate and validate these findings .
To evaluate and/or design bioremediated systems , quantitative reactive transport models are needed .
Further work to evaluate and disseminate this tool is in progress .
MRI examinations performed to evaluate for secondary avascular necrosis were excluded .
Match paired t tests were used to evaluate for dyadic differences .
Pedicle wall breakthrough has been reported to be difficult to evaluate by radiographs .
MR imaging methods can both evaluate the lumen and directly image the vessel wall .
Carotid ultrasound to evaluate IMT , and retinography to evaluate the arteriovenous index .
Therefore , we should not evaluate the neurological loss but instead provide adequate information .
We also evaluate whether these differences can be attributed to physiology or methodology .
Two hundred patients were given five hand hygiene products to evaluate .
Future studies should evaluate who benefits more from surgery and who from conservative care .
