Bile acids , on the other hand , failed to evoke such CPM activity .
The inferior alveolar nerve was stimulated to evoke the JOR in the digastric muscle .
To evoke reflexes , the superficial radial nerve was stimulated at the wrist .
Bodily abnormalities in other persons often evoke an uneasy feeling , even disgust .
Patterned visual stimuli evoke colocalized NIR reflectance changes .
The challenges posed by parasites and pathogens evoke behavioral as well as physiological responses .
Interstitial cells of Cajal ( ICC ) evoke pacemaker activities in many tissues .
Similarly shaped letters evoke similar colors in grapheme-color synesthesia .
Cannabinoids can evoke antihyperalgesia and antinociception at a peripheral site of action .
[Two cases of food-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis difficult to evoke symptoms by provocation test ] .
An informal conversational format was used to evoke 40 possible repairs from each subject .
Both strains preserved their ability to evoke changes on villonsallantoic membranes .
Such disturbances evoke mild tubular disturbances but glomerular disturbances may also be involved .
Impulses of A delta-fibers evoke small pressor reflexes and impulses of C-fibers increase them .
This may evoke depressive feelings and self-management may be complicated .
Epigenetic mechanisms can be influenced by environmental cues and thus evoke phenotypic variation .
Implanted chitosan-GP did not evoke an important inflammatory reaction , and permitted cell growth .
However , excessive amounts of nitric oxide will damage cells and evoke apoptosis .
The relationship between log-complex transforms of stimuli and the cortical responses they evoke .
Retrieval search and strength evoke dissociable brain activity during episodic memory recall .
Short term sympatho-adrenal activation did not evoke ET-release , however .
PA spinal projections , and the reflexes that they evoke , develop prenatally .
A systematic review of mechanisms by which natural products of plant origin evoke vasodilatation .
Potential mechanisms through which these radicals evoke damage are discussed .
