Iron - induced oxidative stress may exacerbate age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) .
Can a bowel preparation exacerbate heart failure ?
Deficiency of haematopoietic-cell-derived IL-10 does not exacerbate high-fat-diet-induced inflammation or insulin resistance in mice .
Familial AD mutations in presenilin are known to exacerbate lysosomal pathology .
A wide variety of pharmacologic agents may induce or exacerbate these disorders .
Pregnancy can precipitate or exacerbate cardiac arrhythmias .
Exogenous granulocyte colony-stimulating factor exacerbate pain-related behaviors after peripheral nerve injury .
Land application of manure can exacerbate nutrient and contaminant transfers to the aquatic environment .
However platelets can also exacerbate liver damage , as in immune-mediated injury .
Interleukin-1beta inhibition prevents choroidal neovascularization and does not exacerbate photoreceptor degeneration .
Neutrophils play a key role in the immune response but can undesirably exacerbate inflammation .
Cannabis use appears to exacerbate psychotic symptoms and increase risk of psychotic relapse .
These symptoms exacerbate illness and make death more likely .
The presence of these cysts may exacerbate glaucoma or complicate its management .
Glomerular hypertension could exacerbate the sclerosing glomerulopathy of senescence and lead to renal insufficiency .
Thus , hyperactivity-impulsivity may serve to exacerbate inattentiveness over time .
Insufficient sleep quantity may facilitate and/or exacerbate pain through elevations of IL-6 .
A large number of chemicals induce or exacerbate autoimmune-like diseases in man .
For example , small transducer weights exacerbate heat-dissipation problems and make design optimisation important .
During prolonged exercise , postural-induced hypotension and hypocapnia exacerbate cerebral hypoperfusion and facilitate syncope .
Signals between macrophages and fibroblasts can exacerbate , suppress , or reverse fibrosis .
Pregnancy and the puerperium can exacerbate or initiate mental illness in susceptible women .
Sleep loss may exacerbate and contribute to relapse of these conditions .
OCs may trigger migraine episodes and exacerbate or alleviate pre-existing headache .
Anesthetic management can cause , exacerbate or ameliorate most of these injuries .
Anesthetic management can cause , exacerbate , or ameliorate most of these injuries .
ASM hyperreactivity occurs in postnatal CDH and may exacerbate barotrauma via impaired lung compliance .
Conventional unimodal antidepressants may engender or exacerbate suicidality in susceptible individuals with BD .
Carer burden is excessive and may exacerbate patient distress and desire for hastening death .
