The aim of this study was to examine this association .
Our aim is to examine the time trends of primary RRD in Scotland .
Boy to girl ratios were calculated to examine gender differences in tobacco use prevalence .
Latent growth mixture modelling was used to examine the course of VE over time .
Results from a study designed to examine haptics for this purpose are discussed .
The present study sought to examine imitation difficulties as a risk factor for autism .
A modified self-controlled case series method to examine association between multidose vaccinations and death .
We also examine the temporal dynamics of both traits within individuals .
We examine the effects of three different measures of the quality of medical care .
To examine the relationship between income , mental disorders , and suicide attempts .
The objectives were to finalise the RAID and examine its psychometric properties .
The 6-minute walk test was effectively used to prescribe exercise and examine patient outcomes .
In addition , it will examine the correlation between patient safety culture composites .
They then examine the likely developmental trajectory of self-event relations from childhood through adolescence .
In addition , we examine the cyclin E expression in rat adrenal cortex .
Future studies should examine whether cancer screening actually increases after an educational intervention .
We examine whether the lung cancer risk due to smoking has increased over time .
We examine whether this also applies in economically less developed countries .
We then examine 3-year-old human children and find that this preference reverses .
We examine recent findings and make recommendations for patients , families and medical providers .
This article will examine menstrual patterns and concerns in young girls .
To examine and critique the risks of cosmetic surgery and consider implications for practice .
Methods to examine and compare these designs are also addressed .
We aimed to define expertise in regional anaesthesia and examine how it is acquired .
It is important to examine patients at rest and during different postural maneuvers .
To examine hypertension management across countries and over time using consistent and comparable methods .
Our purpose is to examine IABP utilization over time and across medical centers .
Future research should examine these predictors in larger samples and across other outcome variables .
The authors also examine comprehensive risk-adjustment systems both within Medicaid and outside the program .
In addition , the authors examine future challenges and consider new areas for research .
