Humans do not possess mechanisms to excrete the excess of this metal .
Alders inoculated with Frankia did not excrete any detectable amount of nitrogen .
Two nonsmoking normal volunteers were found to excrete mutagenic urines .
Many plants and bacteria excrete redox-cycling compounds .
Obstructed kidneys with decreased concentrating ability on the other hand excrete comparatively more sodium .
Both low- and high - CO ( 2 ) -grown cells excrete glycolate .
The salivary glands ' secretion system can actively excrete K into the oral cavity .
In 24-hour urine , males excrete significantly more GAGs than females .
Women excrete significantly more XA ( p = 0.02 ) than men .
Corynebacterium glutamicum can consume glucose to excrete glycerol under oxygen deprivation .
Women who develop preeclampsia during pregnancy excrete less calcium than healthy pregnant women .
Shorter survival in HIV-positive patients with diarrhoea who excrete adenovirus from the GI tract .
During the reproduction phase , sows consume and excrete large quantities of nutrients .
These PI lambs are viraemic , antibody negative and constantly excrete virus .
Alternaria species produce and excrete dimethyl coprogen siderophores to acquire iron .
It is concluded that the fetal kidneys can excrete protons and generate bicarbonate .
Pericentral hepatocytes excrete bile acids more slowly and biotransform them more than periportal cells .
All subjects excreted hydrogen , but 71 % did not excrete methane .
Alloniscus perconvexus and Tylos punctatus can excrete ammonia directly into seawater or utilize volatilization .
It can actively excrete ammonia through its gills , and tolerate high environmental ammonia .
In Escherichia coli , some K-12 strains excrete orotic acid and not uracil .
Ochratoxin A carries chlorine in its molecule and can excrete chlorine from the cell .
Two AZCA - resistant cell lines overproduce and excrete more proline than wild-type cells .
It seems likely that MT does not excrete intrinsically into the bile .
Only one patient did not excrete before developing CMV pneumonia .
The microorganisms studied did not excrete folates into the media in significant amounts .
This review explains why , when , and how cells excrete or dissimilate acetate .
Freshly isolated cells excrete DNA faster than phytohemagglutinin - stimulated ones .
All strains excrete all three mups when induced .
