Polyphenols exert beneficial effects in atherosclerosis .
Olfactory cues can exert priming effects on many mammalian species .
Here , we investigated whether these chaperones exert similar functions in Neisseria meningitidis .
K-1 appeared to exert its antifertility action by virtue of its strong antiestrogenic activity .
Lidocaine has been demonstrated to exert cardioprotective effects against myocardial ischaemia and reperfusion injury .
Otherwise , insert-1 could not exert a differential influence on ATP versus ADP binding .
Excessive concentrations of glutamate have been found to exert neurotoxic properties .
Rumex patientia ( RP ) could exert beneficial health effects to ameliorate metabolic diseases .
Pretreatment with levetiracetam failed to exert any antiepileptogenic effect .
Antipsychotic medications exert variable and clinically significant levels of antagonism at central alpha-adrenergic receptors .
It was noted that some of these imbalances may exert specific negative physiological effects .
Love and compassion exert pleasant feelings and rewarding effects .
They exert a potent inhibitory effect on osteoclasts and are therefore potent antiresorptive agents .
GCs exert their effects by binding and activating the GC receptor ( GR ) .
Under these conditions , insulin can exert pro-atherosclerotic effects and promote vascular calcification .
Cytokines and cell-cell interactions exert this induction effect , but they have different functions .
GH and testosterone both exert protein-anabolic effects and may act synergistically .
Intravenous immunoglobulins and gamma-interferon exert immunomodulatory effects and thus may improve severe AD .
TRBP and PACT are structurally related but exert opposite regulatory activities on PKR .
Aneurysms are also dynamic lesions and exert pulsatile mass effect on adjacent structures .
Carotenoids and their metabolites are widespread and exert key biological functions in living organisms .
However , mechanisms by which they exert anticancer action were not fully understood .
Such alterations could represent a new mechanism by which glucocorticoids exert their biological actions .
Alternative mechanisms by which TPA may exert its growth-inhibitory effects are discussed .
Statins have been reported to exert anti-inflammatory actions and protect against septic organ dysfunction .
Thus , A. salmonea may exert antioxidant properties and offer protection from atherogenesis .
Ang II increases blood pressure and can exert growth-promoting effects leading to end-organ damage .
The mechanisms by which OCs might exert adverse effects on cervical epithelium are unclear .
A mechanism by which IHF may exert control over fimA expression is discussed .
Mechanisms by which androgens exert masculinizing effects in each model system remain elusive .
