SPARC - null mice exhibit an increased accumulation of adipose tissue .
Natural populations , on the other hand , exhibit wide genetic and environmental diversity .
Blenniid fish exhibit a polygynandric mating system with parental care restricted to males .
At birth , these tissues exhibit the effects of residual maternal estrogens .
Children of teen mothers exhibit adverse outcomes through adolescence .
As a result the bionanocomposites exhibit higher antibacterial activity than any component acting alone .
Hispanic respondents in comparison to white respondents were more likely to exhibit PPG .
Biominerals exhibit complex hierarchical structures derived from bottom-up self-assembly mechanisms .
The direct renin inhibitor aliskiren is known to exhibit a strong antihypertensive effect .
Zoos and aquariums exhibit many rare species , but sustain few for long periods .
DIF derivatives exhibit antiproliferative activities and promote glucose consumption in mammalian cells in vitro .
They may exhibit a variety of novel properties and behave as adaptive materials .
MOFs have tunable pores and functionalities , and usually exhibit very high surface areas .
The nanoparticles are polycrystalline and exhibit anatase as well as rutile phases .
Agonist-sensitive intracellular Ca2+ stores may be heterogeneous and exhibit distinct functional features .
These bacteria are able to exhibit multiple resistance mechanisms towards various families of antibiotics .
Metallocenes of second-row transition metals exhibit better binding with pyrimidine - base nucleotides .
Recently , soy isoflavones with L-carnitine were reported to exhibit anti-obesity effects in mice .
OPNs exhibit sustained discharge during fixations and cease firing before and during saccades .
At hatching , the forelimbs exhibit clawed digits and are capable of digitopalmar prehension .
They exhibit detectable proteinuria on day 1 and die within a week .
Remarkably , the STs exhibit little if any dairy biotope specialization .
Cells exhibit propagating membrane waves which involve the actin cytoskeleton .
Patients with BDD did exhibit higher delusionality than the patients with OCD .
L-G6pc ( -/- ) mice are viable and exhibit normoglycemia in the fed state .
The materials are chemically stable and exhibit nematic phase behavior at room temperature .
Allovectin-7 was shown to be safe and exhibit biological activity at this dose .
A set of over 600 transcripts exhibit two-fold to >100-fold daily differences in abundance .
Histologically , these are deep lesions which exhibit ' pseudoinvasion ' into skeletal muscle .
Netter exhibit in New Jersey .
