A wide range of treatment options exist for tibiofibular dislocations .
However , little evidence-based data exist regarding how to accomplish these goals .
Limited data exist on the specific route of transmission from these sources .
No data exist concerning adolescent athletic males .
Regional variations between guidelines exist .
A preventive treatment can only be applied if predictive markers exist .
In particular , in-phase and anti-phase solutions are guaranteed to exist for all alpha .
The probability of P. vivax infection appears to exist in Equatorial Africa countries .
Carborynes can exist in two resonance forms , bonding form vs biradical form .
In conclusion , isolated systemic relapses exist but are infrequent .
The treatment of LC remains controversial and no straightforward guidelines exist in the literature .
Marked health inequities exist between regions , between countries , and within countries .
Demographic differences across NTD pregnancy outcomes exist and are a potential source of bias .
Furthermore , variables in interpretation exist and cutoff thresholds for positivity differ .
Several approaches exist , but they have limited performance .
[Really does not exist malignant duodenal ulcer ? ] .
There exist multiple interactions between the inorganic layer and the organic layer .
Furthermore , there exist only few causal therapeutic options .
On the other hand , there exist hypersensitive subjects against particulate matters .
Under no circumstances did a headspace exist in the reactor volume .
In addition , there exist various possibilities for improving and extending this method .
Various phenotypes exist depending on the protein mutation .
Neuromuscular alterations exist with knee osteoarthritis presence and severity despite walking velocity similarities .
Based on both fluorometry and fluorescence microscopy , some rafts clearly exist at 37degreesC .
The granulosa cells constituting these follicles are heterogeneous and exist in three distinct zones .
These discontinuities are most prevalent at birth but also exist in the adult .
Thresholds may be artefacts of testing procedures and may not exist in natural systems .
Two distinct clinicopathological forms of somatostatinoma exist : duodenal and pancreatic somatostatinomas .
Two closely related isoforms of Rap1 exist , 1a and 1b .
Numerous treatment options exist , each with their own advantages and drawbacks .
