We report on our experience with this half-open surgical technique .
Influence of patients ' self-respect on their experience of feeling respected in doctor-patient interactions .
The paper also describes the faculty 's experience in the development of the course .
Three years of experience : the Italian registry and safety data update .
Our experience shows a recurrence rate of 8.7 % following definitive surgery for AVM .
An educational framework based on science and the authors ' experience is presented .
Anaphylaxis in Israel : experience with 92 hospitalized children .
A comparative study on the flow experience in web-based and text-based interaction environments .
Reproductive choices and obstetrical experience in Dutch carriers of haemophilia A and B .
Youth exiting foster care often experience difficulties transitioning into adulthood .
Long-term single institution experience and literature review .
Cancer survivorship was an ambiguous concept that predated the women 's cancer experience .
Herein we have reported our experience with AG .
Herein we presented our experience performing retroperitoneal laparoscopic live donor nephrectomy in 105 donors .
We also relate our experience with continuous insulin infusion treatment for pegaspargase-induced hyperTG .
Patients receiving treatment with TM may experience adverse platelet count fluctuations during infections .
The patient did not experience recurrence or malignant metaplasia during the one-year follow-up period .
APNs experience both challenges and successes in caring for women who live with IPV .
Anticipatory physiological arousal increased if the probabilistic cue and experience were conflicting .
Endobronchial closure of bronchopleural fistulae using amplatzer devices : our experience and literature review .
Impact of gender , age and experience of pilots on general aviation accidents .
Integrating self and experience in narrative as a route to adolescent identity construction .
We collected dropout rates due to adverse events and experience of adverse events .
Our recommendations are based on experience of the authors and review of relevant literature .
Herein we have reported our experience with this technique in acute posttransplantation PVT .
This article reports our experience with refractory Osgood-Schlatter disease in 22 patients .
Research. Nonwhites , southerners experience greater morbidity from HIV/AIDS .
Many dogs with CILBD experience behavioral problems or are exposed to a stressful environment .
Premature babies experience pain and require adequate analgesia for any painful procedure .
There were no surgery-related deaths , but 2 patients did experience major neurologic morbidity .
