The advisor cannot expect that measures that are cost-effective are always implemented .
Many young surgeons expect to built up their social status as cardiovascular specialist .
Consumers expect white wines to be clear .
Insurers expect lower profits as they cope with higher costs , new regulations .
When should we expect the evolutionary association of self-fertilization and dispersal ?
Grant reviewers and other stakeholders should expect no more .
Constipation as a defecation disorders : what do we expect from the physiologic tests ?
A squad of 25 players can thus expect about 15 muscle injuries per season .
Patients with talar OCDs can expect functional improvement after this technique .
What to expect from the Pharmacogenomics Research Network .
Leading change : Know what to expect in times of transition .
What can we expect in the future ?
There is no reason to expect the two mechanisms to be mutually exclusive .
The initial physical examination was normal expect bilateral papilledema .
Patients with HCL who achieve a CR can expect a normal lifespan .
Consumer-directed health care : what to expect and what to do .
Parturients expect safe and clean regional anesthesia .
Then you need to make it clear that you expect and value both .
Women can expect improvement in pain levels and function from their preoperative baseline .
Help after childbirth--do women get what they expect and need ?
When complications do occur , patients expect our help and support as they cope .
HPV prophylactic vaccination : The first years and what to expect from now .
[What to expect from allergy tests ? ] .
Several ongoing studies investigate the benefits to expect from such intervention .
Patients should be warned to expect increased pain on ambulation after leaving hospital .
* Clinicians and patients should be counselled when to expect late toxicities .
Clinicians who prescribe brinzolamide should expect similar ocular hypotensive responses from brinzolamide and dorzolamide .
Our experiences of cystic fibrosis and what we expect from the paediatrician .
[What can the practitioner expect from and contribute to drug surveillance ] .
