Rupture of dormant cysts in the retina is the accepted hypothesis to explain recurrence .
The electrical shock itself did not seem to explain this phenomenon .
Current models to explain this genetic instability invoke erroneous DNA repair or aberrant replication .
Can personal and environmental factors explain dimensions of child participation ?
However , harmful behaviour did not explain this relationship .
Nor , were there data to explain the differences in insulin secretion .
The phenotypic observations might in part explain unanticipated ( side- ) effects of tramadol .
Incretin hormones could explain at least in part this impaired glucose homeostasis .
In moderator analyses , parenthood could not explain variability in effect sizes .
They explain why nitric acid promotes the Tc ( VII ) extraction .
These findings explain why spontaneous correction of hypotelorism occurs postoperatively in trigonocephaly .
This redundancy may explain why an Y332C variant did not alter STAT5b signaling .
Implementation of ACT varies and these differences may explain variability in reported efficacy .
We explain the principle of operation and present experimental results .
This may explain the protective effect of ALA against cardiovascular diseases and sudden death .
Is it possible to explain complex mental disorders at the biological level ?
Our results may help explain discrepant findings across NH studies .
Several theories have been proposed to explain age-related declines in immune responses .
PRT is delayed in blacks but does not explain differences in survival .
Washed cycad flour contains beta-N-methyl amino-L-alanine and may explain parkinsonism symptoms .
Mechanisms so far considered are site specific and do not explain multiple associations .
The medium stratum shows atypical behavior which it was difficult to explain and understand .
The model is able to both explain and predict experimental data .
The Integrated Change Model is valid to explain and predict the continuation of breast-feeding .
Soil does not explain monodominance in a Central African tropical forest .
This may explain , in part , how VPA disrupts development .
In the remainder , technical factors or artefacts could explain the non-visualisation .
Hypotheses that might explain urinary incontinence during pregnancy and after childbirth have been examined .
During the consultation , investigators explain their project and identify challenges .
Different mechanisms could explain such desensitization phenomena at the receptor and post receptor level .
