Further studies are needed to explore these possibilities .
Log-linear Poisson regression analysis was used to explore age , period and cohort trends .
Participant focus groups and facilitator interviews were conducted to explore perceptions of the program .
Cost-cutting demands prompt trusts to ' explore all options ' .
Use of sensor technology to explore the science of touch .
It 's time to explore the role of emotion in medical students ' learning .
To explore trends in teen birth rates by selected demographics .
To explore GPs ' considerations in decision-making regarding sick-listing of patients suffering from SHC .
We began to explore therapeutic vaccine development to antigens associated with these signaling pathways .
To explore the inflammatory changes and possible mechanisms during COPD exacerbation .
Efforts are needed to further explore these results and expand research within this field .
To explore racial variation in treatment preferences and willingness to be randomized .
We explore this relationship in a large cohort of otherwise healthy subjects .
In this paper I explore the place and relevance of heroism in contemporary nursing .
Here , we explore this issue in skin .
Thematic analysis was utilised to both explore and critique the collected data .
Using workflows to explore and optimise named entity recognition for chemistry .
Thematic content analysis was used to explore and organize the data .
Firstly , we explore various tissue movements that match experimental limb bud shape changes .
The authors explore how community colleges can serve immigrant students more effectively .
We explore whether time shifts in text comprehension are represented spatially .
We also explore the formalism as a tool to analyze and compare different techniques .
Global health experts explore ways to slash vaccine prices and expand access .
This article will explore some of the current controversies and review the pertinent literature .
We explore stochastic evolutionary dynamics under weak selection , but for any mutation rate .
