Both marginal cells of the stria vascularis and hair cells express Trpml3 mRNA .
Normal gallbladder tissue samples did not express GLUT-1 ( 100 % ) .
IEC-6 cells express both MCT1 and Na+-coupled monocarboxylate transporter 1 ( SMCT1 ) mRNA .
Transgenic plants are able to express molecules with antigenic properties .
These videos largely provide nonsuicidal self-injury information and/or express a hopeless or melancholic message .
Variance partition coefficients and Wald statistic were used to express measures of variation .
Five of these 9 patients did not express NY-ESO-1 in the autologous tumor .
In addition , endothelial cells express a binding site for external TF .
Macrophages and airway epithelial cells express Ang2 and VEGF only in allergic models .
The neoplastic cells express B-cell markers , and CD30 often shows heterogeneous staining .
Immune cells express vitamin D receptor and are capable of metabolizing vitamin D .
Triple-negative breast cancers ( TNBC ) neither express hormone receptors , nor overexpress HER2 .
We generated transgenic mice that constitutively express TL1A in T cells or dendritic cells .
It is no longer acceptable to express results in terms of survival at birth .
Some hospitals encourage women with diabetes to express breast milk before birth .
Trophoblast stem cells are derived from the precursor of the placenta and express Notch1 .
CD31 detected capillary endothelial cells , but did not express any AMCase and ChT .
Neuronal precursor cells differentiate into cholinergic and GABAergic cells and express vesicle proteins .
Retinal blood vessels did not express AQP-0 .
Nontumoral pancreatic tissues and cells do not express pBSDL-J28 .
Genetic manipulation of Neospora caninum to express the bradyzoite-specific protein NcSAG4 in tachyzoites .
Most humans are social beings and we express our thoughts and feelings through language .
In the colon , neurons express NTPDase3 and glial cells express NTPDase2 .
MSCs express FoxP3 at variable levels , but they do not express CD39 .
No differences found of liver iron express among the three groups .
PEDF also express in human LEC .
Cell homogenates from human lens epithelium express in binding site for Parathyroid hormone .
Such feelings may be difficult to express at home or elsewhere .
Both products are classically thought to express predominantly in oligodendrocytes .
On day 3 after photocoagulation , VEGF began to express in laser-induced lesions .
