The purpose of this analysis is to supplement and extend the previous work .
In such way anandamide contributes to extend platelet survival .
Thus we aimed to validate and extend these findings .
The effects of anxiety extend to perceptual and sensorimotor processes .
Principles of part-whole selective perception by dynamic touch extend to the torso .
This activity may extend to other stem-like cell types .
The polychaetes Nereis virens and Cirriformia moorei extend their burrows by crack propagation .
These studies may extend the application areas of macrocyclic polyamines , especially for cyclen .
We then extend the model by including a stimulus feature dimension .
First , we extend the standard bivariate ACE model to account for assortative mating .
We extend an existing SEIR model to incorporate finite diagnostic and antiviral distribution capacities .
Apple polyphenols extend the mean lifespan of Drosophila melanogaster .
Strategies to extend coverage in these groups will help to address inequity .
The aim of the present study is to extend this pre-clinical model to ketamine .
Bottom-line booster : extend medical equipment life without compromising care .
Radiologically , the mass was showed to extend to orophanrynx from nasopharynx .
In general , water-soaked lesions start on leaves and extend up the stem .
Some fractures were found to extend through the full thickness of the skull .
Here , we extend this mechanistic evaluation and examine substrate recognition by UCH-L1 .
They extend cell processes and constantly change cell shape .
Chick embryo retina neurons in culture extend neurites and form synapses .
To extend capuramycin spectrum of activity beyond mycobacteria and improve intracellular drug activity .
An additional 21 people were interviewed to extend the data and test for generalisibility .
These results are consistent with and extend previous proposals .
The holes extend into the diploic layer and have no parallel relationship .
Differences in signal relay extend beyond hypoxia and involve AMPK signaling .
These extend together with the microtubules and become dispersed .
The tumor cells involved nerve fibers but did not extend to the subserosa .
Measures undertaken are numerous and extend from the Federation to each work organisation .
The surgical methods of reconstruction depend upon the extend and type of the malformation .
