To facilitate evidence-based nursing practice , audit-feedback-re-audit cycles strategies were used .
Spider monkeys shake their heads so as to facilitate amicable social contact .
A new rule-based approach has been developed to facilitate model validation and model complementation .
This allele may facilitate an autoimmune response against targets such as variants of PLA2R1 .
Its recognition may facilitate nephron-sparing surgery .
Evaluation of a VR and stereo-endoscopic tool to facilitate 3rd ventriculostomy .
On Gerasimov 's plastic facial reconstruction technique : new insights to facilitate repeatability .
Electronic calendar such as the Google calendar facilitate adequate coordination among health care professionals .
Use of ultrasound to facilitate femoral nerve block with stimulating catheter .
To facilitate urine sample preparation prior to head-space gas-chromatographic ( HS-GC ) analysis .
It should be performed when indicated to facilitate tumor resection in the cervicothoracic region .
Sucrose was confirmed to facilitate the preparation of nano-emulsions in both systems .
Guidelines are produced in oncology to facilitate clinical decision making and improve clinical practice .
Such R-loops trigger genome instability and facilitate deamination by human AID .
Strategies that helped to facilitate recruitment and foster community networking are discussed .
This will facilitate early diagnostic clarification and promote efficient treatment strategies .
Detection of anti-HMGCR autoantibodies may facilitate diagnosis and direct therapy .
Trust and reciprocity facilitate cooperation and are relevant to virtually all human interactions .
Law as a tool to facilitate healthier lifestyles and prevent obesity .
In these women , the biopsy does not facilitate diagnosis and is hazardous .
In addition some mycotoxins facilitate persistence of intestinal pathogens and potentiate intestinal inflammation .
A secured web-based database is used to facilitate and centralize data registration .
PD Trivia is an interactive game created to facilitate and reinforce learning .
This system was designed to facilitate and not replace the physician interview .
Case managers can better coordinate and facilitate chronic illness care by adopting telehealth technology .
Measures to foster and facilitate successful breast-feeding after caesarean delivery are recommended .
Suxamethonium was used to facilitate intubation and for further muscle relaxation .
Axon regeneration can facilitate or suppress hindlimb function after olfactory ensheathing glia transplantation .
Patient , system , and internal variables facilitate or impede professional efficacy and growth .
However , orientation precue did not facilitate nor inhibit the search processing .
