The effect varied over time and tended to fade with time .
The effect began to fade during stimulation but extended beyond it .
The lesions rupture spontaneously , leaving hyperpigmented macules that usually fade within few weeks .
They fade without pigmentation or any other trace over a 2- to 3-week period .
Assessment of tetanic fade following atracurium .
The benefits of having many competitors did not fade with increasing numbers of companies .
Some of them leave stable traces , and others fade away quickly .
The dream must not fade .
Reversal by atropine of tetanic fade induced in cats by antinicotinic and anticholinesterase agents .
To flourish or fade : the NHS in Dumfries and Galloway .
Burn out or fade away ?
The consciousness of this has a tendency to fade and lead to unclear terminology .
The effect seems persistent and does not fade away with time .
Psychotic symptoms are common in dementia but usually fade within 6-12 months .
In addition , these changes are transient and fade out some time after operation .
Bleaching ( whitening ) agents are commonly offered to fade their darker aspect .
Did Napoleon Bonaparte fade away ?
Occupation of postjunctional nAChRs alone by alpha-BTX or alpha-conotoxin GI causes fade .
At menopause , estrogens and gestagens may fade , and androgens may appear .
The lowering of IOP does not fade with time but is stable .
As satiation sets in , they fade and disappear after food refusal .
Subconjunctival hemorrhages slowly fade and disappear .
Every human fact can historically fade and then be restored according to new paradigms .
Capitation will n't rule , nor will it fade away .
Sevoflurane increases fade of neuromuscular response to TOF stimulation following rocuronium administration in children .
The vertical influence began to fade two hours after celebrations because of dry deposition .
Unlike porcine atria , only PDE3 induced fade of 5-HT responses in human atria .
On-axis probability density function and fade behavior of partially coherent beams propagating through turbulence .
