A 58-year-old man presented with right elbow pain after a fall from scaffolding .
Pathogen survived better in fall , indicating an important influence of temperature and humidity .
The rise and fall of endothelin receptor antagonists in congestive heart failure .
Germinated brown rice proteases fall into different classes with different properties .
The corresponding individual Huang-Rhys factors fall in the range between 0.0011 and 0.0500 .
What happens when HIV researchers fall in love at work ?
Poor nutritional status is often present among older adults who experience a fall .
Water features fall out of favor over germ concern .
After the fall : a teenager with unusual intermittent muscle spasms .
This effect was not observed in fall or winter .
Rise and fall of anti-obesity drugs .
Implementation of multifactorial interventions for fall and fracture prevention .
Thoroughbred jumps racing jockeys have a fall rate greater than their flat racing counterparts .
[Evaluation of the fall risks in the elderly ] .
The present findings demonstrate differences between real-world falls and fall simulations .
Blood pressure fall or fall of a myth ?
Deaths from chronic disease fall in Australia but concerns rise for the future .
Influenza costs fall mainly on hospitals and work through time off .
However , this effect of maternal PIN-X was not observed in summer or fall .
The lowest numbers were captured during the winter and fall .
Peaks in monthly antibody prevalence occurred in spring and fall .
Interventions targeting multiple fall risk factors can reduce fall rates by 30-40 % .
When hospital patients fall : preliminary data from Ferrara , Italy .
[The rise and fall of the Institute for Nursing Science ] .
Reducing fall risk for surgical patients .
Development , implementation , and evaluation of a comprehensive fall risk program .
Other paradigms fall somewhere between incidental and intentional coordination , e.g. task sharing paradigms .
Victims of kharisiris , however , fall ill and may die if untreated .
The mechanism of injury was typically a fall or a motor vehicle accident .
Vertical trauma : injuries to patients who fall and land on their feet .
