A total of 15 % of responders were not in favor of DCVR surgery .
Regarding living liver donation , 85 % were in favor of related donation .
The mood analysis showed significant differences between the groups in favor of donors .
Increased cortisol release may favor atherosclerosis .
Liver tumor cells show several molecular alterations which favor pro-survival signaling .
Histone H3 lysine 9 trimethylation and HP1gamma favor inclusion of alternative exons .
Although overall morbidity tended to favor NTCs , mortality was no different .
CCN3 impairs osteoblast and stimulates osteoclast differentiation to favor breast cancer metastasis to bone .
Biochemical outcomes tended to marginally favor the lap RYGB group .
Evidence does not favor racemic epinephrine or LE , or IPPB over simple nebulization .
[Failure to document may favor the patient in proof of malpractice ] .
However , these membranes favor EB transport by diffusion selectivity .
Predictions favor kinases as targets of these compounds but also suggest potential off-target effects .
Estroprogestative contraceptive drugs favor thromboembolitic events and increase the incidence of hypertension .
Thus , cytokines not only favor tissue destruction , but also inhibit tissue repair .
Evidence in favor of formation of hydrophobic complexes in aqueous solution .
Ungrooved prosthesis areas seem to favor bone growth at the shaft .
Analysis of those data seemed to favor TS for duration of continuous complete remission .
The tools used in the nursing staff should be complete and favor their work .
They are more guiding and favor a homogenization of the various practices .
Pyruvate decreased the number of DNA breaks , and might favor DNA repair .
Cloned breakpoint sequences favor adopting a cruciform configuration in vitro .
Health insurers favor budget cutting--but not if it means they must pay more .
Recent trends in psoriasis therapy favor using lower-strength anthralins .
Glucocorticoids also favor osteoclastogenesis and as a consequence increase bone resorption .
In turn , this may favor risky motor decision-making and promote falls .
Glucocorticoids also favor osteoclastogenesis and , as a consequence , increase bone resorption .
[Exocrine pancreas cancer. In favor of an early diagnosis and surgical treatment ] .
[In favor of specialization of recovery room nurses ] .
Conditions which favor the C1-fixation by mouse IgG1 .
