Recognizing objects in cluttered scenes requires attentional mechanisms to filter out distracting information .
Spritz was extended to filter predictions based on structural homologues .
Finger stick blood was applied to filter paper .
Kalman filter mixture model for spike sorting of non-stationary data .
Compartment syndrome in patients with massive venous thrombosis after inferior vena cava filter placement .
Inferior vena cava filter use as pulmonary embolism prophylaxis in trauma .
Band-pass plasmonic slot filter with band selection and spectrally splitting capabilities .
Tunable bandwidth of band-stop filter by metamaterial cell coupling in optical frequency .
A flat spectral Faraday filter for sodium lidar .
On power idealization filter topologies of lattice implication algebras .
Modified septic tank-anaerobic filter unit as a two-stage onsite domestic wastewater treatment system .
Using a system-on-a-chip implantable device to filter circulating infected cells in blood or lymph .
The transition to IVUS-guided IVC filter deployment in the nontrauma patient .
Inferior vena cava filter migration to the right ventricle .
Bacterial filter obstruction with the use of ultrasonic nebulisation .
Duodenal perforation by an inferior vena cava filter .
Structure of nitrifying biofilms in a high-rate trickling filter designed for potable water pre-treatment .
New criteria for placement of a prophylactic vena cava filter .
It is further used to reconstruct or filter SPIRIT traces .
To filter or not to filter the inferior vena cava in pregnancy ?
Three median filters were proposed to filter noises and obtain voxel intensities .
A low-loss SAW-TV-IF filter with an extended impedance matching range .
The optimum Butterworth-Wiener filter for I-123 IMP brain SPECT .
Nonlocal transform-domain filter for volumetric data denoising and reconstruction .
Treatment was stopped when the predefined clinical target was reached or the filter clotted .
It can both sweep and filter .
Objective and subjective interestingness of results is measured and used to filter and sort .
We filter this initial pool of sequences and obtain a list of valid targets .
These organisms filter large volumes of seawater and may accumulate contaminants within their tissues .
