We find that antisense expression is associated with genes of larger expression variability .
We find that the average angular velocity of the top disk is not zero .
[Isolated tumour cells : ' seek , and ye shall find ' ] .
Great apes use weight as a cue to find hidden food .
Do you find supply item charge stickers in shocking places in nursing units ?
Multiple analyses failed to find significant support for any singular genus-level phylogeny .
The views of patients and carers must find a stronger voice in health policy .
Comparative studies of cognitive processes find similarities between humans and apes but also monkeys .
We did not find significant statistical correlations between alexithymia and clinical variables .
In contrast , the DFT/PBE calculations find an iron 3d contribution in the HOMO .
During meiotic prophase homologous chromosomes find each other and pair .
Thus , we find evidence for similarity in decision-making processes across the order Primates .
In addition , we find that body mass index is positively associated with BMD .
In the ideal case , we find that in general the framework actually works .
In addition , we find that this region could be widened by hole doping .
We had the opportunity to find this uncommon tumor in a 21-year-old female patient .
We also used regression models to find independent predictors of depression in these patients .
We also expected to find relatively fewer large species in the Chinese assemblage .
We aimed to find common causative factors and proffer solutions .
When you find a patient , start CPR immediately and prepare a defibrillator .
We show that these tubes can be directly observed and find their shape .
Shine a light : nurses find ways to improve care and cut costs .
We find only 2 introns , both shared with E. invadens .
We did not find nocturnal paroxysmal hemoglobinuria and leukocytic alkaline phosphatase level was high .
The patient underwent two surgical treatments to find and reattach the deficient muscles .
Therefore , it is necessary to find out and analyze SERPINE1 deficiency in humans .
Stay tuned and find out .
Phenylthiocarbamide tastes intensely bitter to some individuals , but others find it completely tasteless .
Home health clinicians can find and help women with postpartum depression .
Help us find and honour the stars of South Asian healthcare .
