The principal objectives of this work were to investigate the possibility of applying ultrasonic vibrations in the micro-forming process , to design a set of tooling for ultrasonic micro-extrusion and to observe experimentally how ultrasonic oscillations influences the forming load and the surface finish .
The aim of the study was to examine this hypothesis by testing a number of specimens ( including Exeter stems ) with either a matt or polished finish , under increasing vertical load , measuring the torsional resistance of a specimen-cement construct within an outer constrained cement shell .
Patients failed the test if they coughed or had a wet voice quality post swallow or were unable to finish the task .
Owing to computer program , perfect distracting plan was made to finish this task .
Finally , we finish with some conclusions for future directions .
We finish with an overview of different theories that propose possible ways in which the brain can represent uncertainty .
We finish by outlining some of the key challenges which remain in NMR spectroscopy and we highlight how recent advances-such as increased magnet field strengths , cryogenic cooling , microprobes and hyperpolarisation-are opening new avenues for today 's biological NMR spectroscopists .
In this review , we will cover the discovery and biological activity of the azinomycins , their mode of action , related synthetic analogs and biosynthesis , and finish with a discussion on the less studied metabolite , ficellomycin .
Subjects were instructed to finish the last 2000 m of all trials in the shortest time possible .
It was showed in clinic that except a few patients with turbid eye , most patients could finish the process of measuring and correcting wavefront aberration and then taking fundus image .
In the 2-liter group , only one ( 0.6 % ) patient could not finish the laxative .
In the 4-liter group , 11 ( 7.3 % ) patients could not finish the laxative preparation .
A random sample and research on Xinjiang oil-field outdoor workers who will finish occupation Stress Inventory-Revised questionnaire and Maslash Burnout Survey .
Worldwide eradication of wild polioviruses is likely to yield substantial health and financial benefits , provided we finish the job .
The author suggests that major modifications and additions to the ongoing conventional strategy are required in order to create a multi-pronged , area-specific strategy that can finish the job of polio eradication .
Subjects could move to any assessment question in less than two taps without a memory burden and finish the question in one tap .
Each MTP and associated BES will be useful to deconvolute and ultimately finish the whole genome shotgun sequence of soybean .
Rather , cells can continue to replicate their DNA , grow to a larger size , and finish their normal developmental program .
