Biological models of breast cancer : one size does not fit all .
Haldane model was found to best fit the kinetics of biodegradation .
A two-compartment mamillary model was used to fit data .
The monoclonal expanded TCR sequences contained amino acid combinations that fit the observed bias .
We fit a mathematical model to these data to estimate parameter values .
One size does not fit all .
Ski mountaineering competition : fit for it ?
Multiple stimulators fit together for independent stimulation of four or more whiskers .
Where might these agents fit in the current armamentarium against this disease ?
Consequently , OxR1 appears to fit uneasily into the commonly used beta-arrestin classification scheme .
Taken from these reviews , we here pinpoint several topics fit for future attention .
Equilibrium data were found to fit very well with both Freundlich and Langmuir models .
Multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression models were fit using age as the time metric .
How do the pieces fit together ?
Generalized linear models were fit adjusting for patient clustering within physician .
Most offspring clones fit the expected allelic pattern from a standard Mendelian segregation .
In 20 of 112 , the result did not fit the linear model .
This enabled us to fit the experimental data closely to the simulated data .
Further investigation revealed widespread metastatic disease and the patient was not fit for chemotherapy .
Patients who were surgically fit for discharge but whose discharge was delayed were identified .
Patients were included if they were fit and at low risk for SSI .
The virtual atoms fit the pocket ideally and achieve an optimal Coulomb interaction .
Theoretical curves have been constructed , and they fit experimental data satisfactorily .
The plasma elimination of pyrilamine fit a one-compartment open model and was first order .
There have been no attempts to fit neutral models to parasite communities to date .
Few attempts have been made to fit such models to field data .
' Why not fit the job to the nurse ' ?
We perturb each fit 1000 times and assess each new fit with each score .
All models were shown to fit the data and to be comparable in accuracy .
Learning has to fit round and complement the clinical and emotional needs of patients .
