PDMP levels in individual patients did not fluctuate significantly over several months .
ATBF1 protein levels fluctuate with estrogen levels .
Additionally , visual field test results may fluctuate during pregnancy .
Expression levels of BSRPs seemed to fluctuate greatly during postnatal cerebellar maturation .
The three transit times were found to fluctuate in pace with respiration .
P4 was found to fluctuate in a pulsatile mode throughout the rat oestrous cycle .
Leptin concentrations fluctuate during puberty , and may impact energy balance .
These will fluctuate over time and national guidelines will require periodic re-assessment and revision .
Among adults the condition can fluctuate , and so mimic multiple sclerosis .
Evolutionary processes become complex when environments and therefore fitnesses fluctuate .
While the scores did fluctuate , the category remained essentially the same .
However , the storage and use of the energetic substrates analyzed did fluctuate seasonally .
The occurrence of severe hypoglycemia might be seasonal and might fluctuate with temperature changes .
Environmental concentrations of toxic substances are not necessarily constant but fluctuate over time .
The comfort score was high and did not fluctuate significantly over time .
Circulating ghrelin concentrations fluctuate relative to nutritional status and influence feeding behavior in cattle .
Electrocardiographic signs may fluctuate , and occasionally progression or regression occurs .
Titers may fluctuate or even become negative .
Leptin concentrations fluctuate according to the phase of the menstrual cycle .
Depending on the condition of the microcirculation , laboratory values can fluctuate considerably .
The number of births also fluctuate according to the lunar cycle .
Furthermore , environmental changes are not constant in time , but fluctuate .
Our abilities , age and desirability can and do fluctuate .
The electric dipole moment was found to fluctuate strongly and to depend on polarisation .
CN is an autosomal dominant disorder in which neutrophil counts fluctuate with 21-day periodicity .
We assume discrete-generation population dynamics , in which some parameters fluctuate between years .
Snail populations were found to fluctuate according to rainfall .
Mortality of the mutant and normal mice was shown to fluctuate depending on age .
