Average follow up was 42 months .
Both tamsulosin and TURP improved all examined parameters during the follow up .
Limitations to the study include small sample size and loss to follow up .
Increased public interest in disease prevention can follow a celebrity diagnosis .
The marks awarded for the projects closely follow a normal distribution .
A follow up of an underestimated problem .
How to follow up advanced-stage borderline tumours ?
Six patients developed distant metastasis during the follow up period .
Lead generation and examples opinion regarding how to follow up hits .
Mean follow up was 41.9+/-23.5 months .
The mean follow up was 6 months .
In the baseline condition , the cue indicated that no memory task would follow .
Pediatric pulmonologists failed to follow guideline-based care in a small proportion of patients .
The possibility to follow year-to-year variations by disks of different age is also discussed .
The degradation reaction rates were observed to follow first-order kinetics with respect to olanzapine .
Serum calcium levels follow a biphasic pattern after successful renal transplantation .
In immunocompetent patients , they usually follow local trauma .
Irreversible thermal precipitation temperatures follow the same order as well .
The skin lesions can precede , be concurrent with or follow the pancreatic illness .
Diagnostic imaging is important for detection , differentiation and follow up of pneumonic infiltration .
Ion crossing events are shown to be uncorrelated and follow Poisson statistics .
Longer follow ups and controlled trials are needed .
Copper and ligand follow different uptake kinetics and reach different intracellular equilibrium concentrations .
They follow an atypical pathway of development and preferentially locate to peripheral tissues .
We follow by summarizing the evidence on the topic .
We follow with a discussion of the role of comorbid conditions and environmental exposures .
A systematic follow up each 4 to 8 week in required for several years .
Pharmacists need to closely follow and monitor adverse reactions .
Recurrence of the tumour is very rare , but follow up is necessary .
Results and follow up are reported .
