An expert reference group helped formulate strategies for policy makers .
Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to formulate a prediction model for CTS .
Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to formulate a prediction model for CTS .
We formulate an epidemic model of influenza A based on networks .
We formulate the requirements for low and high frequencies .
This will help physicians better formulate management decisions accordingly .
We formulate an SIS epidemic model on two patches .
Alternatively , we formulate the model within the Bayesian framework .
We formulate a waveform distortion index by using these two techniques .
Pseudo-ternary phase diagrams were constructed to formulate ME and select surfactant and cosurfactant .
The results provide a promising basis to produce and formulate improved enzyme products .
This survey should help formulate updated practice guidelines and policies regarding endoscopic sedation .
Herein we highlight current strategies used to formulate pharmaceutical proteins in the solid form .
These results may help formulate food emulsions with improved freeze-thaw stability .
To formulate objective measures for arthroscopic image quality .
Genetic models for survival data are hard to formulate and hard to fit .
The purpose of study is to formulate and evaluate ufasomal gel of dexamethasone .
Patient perspectives can help formulate and refine HCV treatment support programs .
We then formulate the boundary-value problem for the Mobius strip and solve it numerically .
We formulate the Boltzmann equations for this model , and present an example solution .
This can empower patients to formulate realistic expectations and make informed decisions .
We formulate FTR as modal control and show how to measure custom filters .
In this paper , we formulate mathematical models to describe and test these hypotheses .
At all times the patients could formulate new goals and release old ones .
I formulate and analyse a model of population structure with different classes of individuals .
We formulate and solve the approximation problem using a Wyner-Ziv coding framework .
We formulate and test two alternative hypotheses .
We formulate a theoretical model that reproduces the main features of the experiment .
As such , the instrument quantifies a key qualitative impression that physicians may formulate .
[Who should formulate medical ethics--physicians , patients or authorities ? ] .
