CSII and RT-CGM can be combined to form closed-loop systems .
We have merged these definitions to form a structured taxonomy .
A second domain is predicted to form a zipper-like coiled-coil structure .
Diet and exercise form the foundation of a healthy lifestyle .
The drug , the vehicle and the application device form an undividable triad .
Communities of microorganisms form thin coats across solid surfaces in the sea .
Dendritic spines form postsynaptic contact sites in the central nervous system .
The two CSpoIISA protomers form extensive interactions through an intermolecular four-helix bundle .
This bolaamphiphile itself can form vesicles easily in aqueous solutions at 25 degreesC .
Hawkweeds in Hieracium subgenus Pilosella form mitotic embryo sacs by apospory .
In contrast , A163-S1 form large disorganized structures with lack of polarity .
Hydrosilylation provides a route to form substituted silanes in solution .
Cells were coccoid and stained Gram-positive , were non-motile and did not form endospores .
Bacteria can degrade naturally occurring glucosinolates in mustard and form isothiocyanates with antimicrobial activity .
Low molecular weight fragments lack internal structural domains and likely form macro-aggregates with Hp .
Two traces form many hours after acquisition and coexist with long-term behavioral memory .
Septins are conserved GTPases that form filaments and are required for cell division .
We assume that the additive surfactants form micelles and stabilize latanoprost in this formulation .
Bipolar cells in the vertebrate retina : from form to function. Introduction .
A high redox potential form of cytochrome c550 in photosystem II from Thermosynechococcus elongatus .
Pyrogallolarenes are tetrameric macrocycles that form from 1,2,3-trihydroxybenzene and aldehydes under acidic conditions .
New spines form rapidly as animals learn new tasks or experience novel sensory stimulations .
Cell/scaffold constructs form in situ when heated to 37 degreesC .
Smile design and treatment planning with the help of a comprehensive esthetic evaluation form .
Hyphae tend to form at right angles at branching points that are usually constricted .
In addition , hydrates are more likely to form during most pharmaceutical processes .
Many multinucleated giant cells are well-known to form from macrophage origin .
Pea aphids form melanotic capsules around Sephadex beads but do not form cellular capsules .
STIs form a major problem in the Nairobi area and should be addressed accordingly .
After an extended third larval instar , they form puparia and die .
