Analyze the workflow of existing electronic application and put forward the improvement scheme .
For explanation of these data , we put forward an alternative hypothesis .
Moreover it is now possible to put forward a therapeutic application for this hormone .
Genetic indeterminism , the 5-HTTLPR , and the paths forward in neuropsychiatric genetics .
Revised hippocratic oath-a step forward in the right direction .
HHS moves forward with E-prescribing standards .
[Looking forward to standardizing prenatal care in China ] .
Structural barriers to ART adherence in Southern Africa : Challenges and potential ways forward .
Reaping the rewards of paying it forward .
These findings put forward surface electrostatics as an important determinant of RIP activity .
He wants to put forward his following considerations as a basis for discussion .
This plan should look forward a minimum of 5 years , with annual updates .
We forward 2 hypotheses for explanation .
Fuzzy clustered probabilistic and multi layered feed forward neural networks for electrocardiogram arrhythmia classification .
One step forward : the use of transgenic zebrafish tumor model in drug screens .
Leaping forward in amphibian health and nutrition .
The field of neural transplantation has moved rapidly forward in the last decade .
This strategy is now moving forward to management of potentially resectable disease as well .
Three-dimensional finite-difference EEG forward problem solution on high performance computers .
Identification of sperm forward motility-related proteins in human seminal plasma .
A forward movement in medicine--ambulatory care .
The conditions put forward an explicit way to design and analyze such networks .
We put forward hypotheses on testicular relapse and discuss potential alternative preventive strategies .
We put forward guidelines for management and consider the potential role of antiviral agents .
A step forward for science , but ethics questions remain .
Additionally , methodological problems are highlighted and possible ways forward suggested .
Middle ear forward and reverse transmission in gerbil .
Treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma : Steps forward but still a long way to go .
