Vitamin K antagonist tablets are often split to fractionate the dose by elderly patients .
Inverse spin fractionation : a tool to fractionate sodium hyaluronate .
Three different workflows were used to isolate and fractionate rat cardiac myofilament subproteomes .
Centrifugal elutriation was used to fractionate the preparation into six couplet-containing suspensions .
Agarose gel electrophoresis is used to fractionate linear , double-stranded DNA by its length .
Using ratchets and sorters to fractionate motile cells of Escherichia coli by length .
Column chromatography and uterotrophic assays were used to fractionate and check bioactivity , respectively .
To fractionate or not to fractionate ?
The debate presents psychology with the opportunity to converge rather than fractionate .
However , conventional enrichment methods typically only enrich phosphopeptides but not fractionate phosphopeptides .
Practician must never hesitate to adapt it whether increasing or fractionate it .
The first step is to extract and fractionate the proteins from plasma .
Thus , the bugs ' excretory apparatus did not fractionate between water and hormones .
Those macrocolumns in turn fractionate into stimulus-specific patterns of differentially active minicolumns .
Mature polypeptides and activity of lysosomal enzymes fractionate mainly in the higher density region .
Prestin then concentrates into membrane foci that colocalize and fractionate with membrane microdomains .
The protein was found to fractionate with the inner membranes .
Wsc1p was found to fractionate with the membrane pellet after high-speed centrifugation .
Automated high-throughput system to fractionate plant natural products for drug discovery .
Optimization of a method to fractionate wine flavor extracts .
Gel filtration on Sephadex G-100 did not fractionate the activity .
In addition , purification of LPS can preferentially fractionate these lipid A species .
We could not further fractionate this preparation without denaturing it .
These binding proteins fractionate with nuclei and are extractable with salt but not detergent .
Enzymes catalyzing NO dioxygenation fractionate with membranes and are enriched in microsomes .
Here , we fractionate cytosol and demonstrate that there are multiple transport-active components .
