Thus , care should be taken to refrigerate or freeze samples promptly .
Cryomedicine involved subzero-temperatures to freeze the biological objects either for preservation or for destruction .
A total of 557 men have decided to freeze their semen before cancer treatment .
Pay freeze proposal .
Dutch MPs vote to allow women to freeze oocytes to delay parenthood .
A microsoft tool looks for programs that freeze up .
Time based trials consisted of a double 10-minute freeze separated by a 5-minute thaw .
Laboratory evaluation of freeze vs nonfreeze lamellar refractive keratoplasty .
Density dependent mechanical properties and structures of a freeze dried biopharmaceutical excipient-- sucrose .
To freeze or not to freeze ?
Breast biopsy : to freeze or not to freeze .
To freeze , or not to . . . .
Fidelity freeze for a random matrix model with off-diagonal perturbation .
This system is unusual in that cyclohexane can freeze into coexisting solid phases .
Salmonids freeze to death if they come into contact with ice .
Higher daytime leaf temperatures contribute to lower freeze tolerance under elevated CO2 .
The ice was used to freeze the skin prior to dermabrasion .
BC trying to freeze costs in midst of a spending heat wave .
Liquid and freeze preservation of baboon platelets .
[Smallpox vaccination with the help of an attenuated and freeze dried vaccinal virus ] .
Freeze fracture and freeze etching .
Carter seeks clarification on pay increment freeze after congress .
Rats learn to freeze to 22-kHz ultrasonic vocalizations through autoconditioning .
As expected from previous studies , control animals failed to freeze to either USV .
Inflorescences of alpine cushion plants freeze autonomously and may survive subzero temperatures by supercooling .
Other tissues were freeze substituted and thin sectioned .
Radicals were freeze trapped at 77 degrees K , and ESR measurements were made .
Optimal freeze cycle length for renal cryotherapy .
High resolution freeze replica by means of high melting point metal shadowing .
During testing , preexposed rats freeze more than non-preexposed controls .
