Both samples were more likely to fund a pharmaceutical that was used for the treatment of severe illness .
This study seeks to build on previous findings that overweight individuals are more likely than their skinnier peers to rely on themselves , rather than family , to fund their education .
Policy-level recommendations to redress chemical site vulnerabilities and the related ongoing threats to the nation 's security are as follows : a ) specify detailed requirements for chemical site assessment and security ; b ) mandate audit inspections supported by significant penalties for cases of noncompliance ; c ) require progress toward achieving inherently safer processes , including the minimizing of storage of highly hazardous chemicals ; d ) examine and require additional effective actions in prevention , emergency preparedness , and response and remediation ; e ) mandate and fund the upgrading of emergency communication systems ; and f ) involve workers and community members in plan creation and equip and prepare them to prevent and respond effectively to an incident .
Following a standardized assessment by case managers , an autonomy support benefit would be determined to fund " in kind " public or private services or a " cash-for-care " allowance for older people to purchase services .
One of the reasons pharmacy is on the ascendance in these countries is government commitment to fund and support competitive , well-run pharmacy programs .
Generics competition from India made an originator brand manufacturer of a AIDS drug willing to supply the drug at a cheaper rate to poorer countries , whereas a Brazilian national program to produce nonprofit generics against protected patent of originator brand products to provide free AIDS drugs had cut the number of people dying by half and hospitalization by 80 % , which saved about half a billion US dollars , making the program almost fund itself .
Federal and state government appropriated monies to fund this role to alleviate the difficulties in coordinating health care between the child welfare system and health care providers .
Society should adequately fund such programs so that they become a reality .
Besides , it remains to be seen to what extent policy-makers are able to achieve an optimally designed risk adjustment fund and whether the sickness funds themselves do not misinterpret the reform as nationalization in disguise and consequently delegate their management responsibilities back to the policy-makers .
Expressions of concern about the equitable allocation of departmental resources for research have abated , and energies have focused increasingly on how to do research and less on how to fund it .
Significant investment has been made in recent years to spur the adoption of EHRs and to fund the creation of health information exchanges .
The first element assesses the general climate ( how those who fund research , universities , researchers and users of research support or place value on efforts to link research to action ) .
In most healthcare systems , third-party payers fund the costs for patients admitted to hospital for Clostridium difficile infection ( CDI ) whereas , for CDI cases arising as complications of hospitalization , not all related costs are refundable to the hospital .
The facility may also fund parish nursing exhibitions at community events and conferences .
