Subsequently , the bilateral heart progenitors fail to fuse at the ventral midline .
After zona penetration , sperm needs to fuse with eggs .
At present , six other genes have been shown to fuse to ABL1 .
MVBs likely fuse with the multilayered , autophagic compartments before merging with the PSV .
During autophagy , lysosomes fuse with an autophagosome to form an autolysosome .
During osteoclastogenesis , preosteoclasts fuse to form multinuclear mature osteoclasts .
Incorporation of these proteins allows even flat membranes to fuse spontaneously .
These in turn fuse to form the ventral root .
Cells of fibroblastic and epithelial origin fuse .
To fuse both images , the nitroxyl radical was used as fiducial markers .
Various methods have been proposed to fuse multiple kernels .
Prone mammoPET acquisition improves the ability to fuse MRI and PET breast scans .
Mitochondria fuse in two derivatives and show cristae and a longitudinal crystallized axis .
The mitochondria fuse around this extremity and form a beadlike perforated sphere .
Primary collecting ducts fuse in pairs and become secondary collecting ducts .
These committed cells , the myoblasts , then differentiate and fuse into multinucleated myotubes .
The vesicles become larger and fuse with each other .
These rods aggregate and fuse into plates with a width/height ratio of about 1.9 .
To fuse and to protect .
Two attempts to fuse and stabilize the craniovertebral junction resulted in nonunion .
They continuously move along cytoskeletal tracks and frequently fuse and divide .
During muscle differentiation , myoblasts elongate and fuse into syncytial myotubes [1 ] .
pINT was used translationally fuse aprE promoter deletion fragments with the lacZ reporter gene .
Both pseudotyped viruses were able to fuse HzAM1 cells in a similar fashion .
The mitochondria are dynamic organelles that constantly fuse and divide .
The last few tracheal rings did not fuse dorsally and formed the tympanium .
Most importantly , somatic myoblasts do not fuse and/or form an aberrant muscle pattern .
Conserved eukaryotic fusogens can fuse viral envelopes to cells .
Fiber fuse effect in hollow optical fibers .
To enter cells , viruses must fuse their envelope with a host cell membrane .
