This study used a qualitative explorative approach to gain rich in-depth data .
To gain an understanding of fathers ' experiences of a planned home birth .
The apparent need to gain professional status is discussed .
It is easy to perform and may help the patients gain a faster rehabilitation .
Published statements gain credibility when followed by citations .
Such can assist nursing students to gain greater positive experiences in their profession .
Participants who were obese at baseline did not gain more weight during treatment .
Our aim was to gain insight into dopaminergic involvement in the human reward system .
Both groups continued to gain weight in a similar manner following the injection .
First , genes progressively gain new splice variants with time .
The majority of women gain more weight during pregnancy than what is recommended .
In addition , the proteins gain additional concentration by ITP .
To gain this knowledge , understanding the patient 's perceptions and concerns is essential .
Results showed combination therapy was safe and could gain better outcomes in glycemic control .
The removal of ovarian hormones caused mice to become inactive and gain body mass .
Health care coalitions gain nationwide popularity but need cohesiveness , trust to work properly .
Students gain experience and meet learning outcomes through clinical experiences in health care settings .
Operative treatment can gain union and improve arm function .
Determination of 17q gain in patients with neuroblastoma by analysis of circulating DNA .
[The methods of left liver lobe volume gain in surgical hepatology ] .
Accuracy of maternal recall of gestational weight gain 4 to 12 years after delivery .
Medicare has much to gain financially by clarifying its classification rules .
[Who is likely to gain from high dose supplementation of vitamin E ? ] .
Nurses have much to gain from ERA ratification .
Uveitic patients similarly gain vision on average , and control of inflammation remains paramount .
In these circumstances they gain confidence and display the human qualities required of doctors .
As observers , living human beings gain dispositions to display and use social subjectivity .
Individuals with SSD are heavier and gain more weight over time than normal-duration sleepers .
States storm Hill , but gain little ground on Medicaid .
Both groups maintained , but did not gain , weight during the feeding schedule .
