Heteromaterial gate tunneling field-effect transistor for high-speed and radio-frequency applications .
A phase-locking method was applied to gate the dynamic process of valve leaflet motions .
How to gate an ion channel : lessons from MthK .
Room-temperature fabrication of ultrathin oxide gate dielectrics for low-voltage operation of organic field-effect transistors .
Bacteria-based AND logic gate : a decision-making and self-powered biosensor .
5-HTTLPR and COMTval158met genotype gate amygdala reactivity and habituation .
Structural comparison of substrate entry gate for rhomboid intramembrane peptidases .
Characterization of a MAPK scaffolding protein logic gate in gonadotropes .
A supramolecular off-on fluorescent switch and IMPLICATION logic gate for detection of cationic surfactant .
Nonvolatile gate effect in a ferroelectric-semiconductor quantum well .
Application of bistable optical logic gate arrays to all-optical digital parallel processing .
Thermo-optic waveguide gate switch arrays based on direct UV-written highly fluorinated low-loss photopolymer .
Fabrication of nanosized molecular array device and logic gate using dimethyl-phenylethynyl thiol .
All-optical , fiber-optic modulator and logic gate using nonlinear refraction and absorption .
Nonlinear cross-talk mitigation in polychromatic parametric sampling gate .
On the role of thermal backbone fluctuations in myoglobin ligand gate dynamics .
Graphene nano-floating gate transistor memory on plastic .
Transparent nano-floating gate memory on glass .
Sur domains that associate with and gate KATP pores define a novel gatekeeper .
Programming the quorum sensing-based AND gate in Shewanella oneidensis for logic gated-microbial fuel cells .
The latter three were used to specifically gate on different lymphocyte subsets .
All-optical cascadable NOR gate with gain .
Deterministic controlled-NOT gate for single-photon two-qubit quantum logic .
It is usually used to gate or modulate ion beams .
Submicrometer ferromagnetic NOT gate and shift register .
