Adapting usability testing techniques to gather user requirements : an illustrative proposal .
Structured questionnaires were used to gather socio-demographic data and use of family planning .
Structured interviews were used to gather self-reported data .
Focus group methodology was used to gather perceptions from 37 CMs .
A qualitative approach was used to gather information from consumers in Basrah , Iraq .
A descriptive cross-sectional design was used to gather self-report data for this study .
Ha was the first to found and gather fossil animals from near Grodno .
Finally , make a plan ! Determine departmental goals and gather information from vendors .
To gather normative data on parent-reported child sleep and investigate what influences it .
In addition , there was an open question to gather suggestions .
Assessment tools , which gather the perspective of attached daily needs are limited .
The inhabitants of the Graecanic area regularly gather more than 40 wild food species .
Hermeneutic phenomenology was used to gather and analyze the data .
Biophysics : proteins hunt and gather .
TA are perceived as a feasible work method to gather and synthesize AI .
Individuals independently gather personal information by exploring their environment .
Strands gather few stretched chains that dip into entangled globular nodes .
Can a nurse practitioner gather the information as efficiently as a physician ?
UFAW scholars gather in Glasgow .
[Alternative treatment. Nurses and doctors gather together in alternative medicine ] .
This suggests that at low temperature , molecules of cholesterol gather in the PFAs .
What subcellular machines gather and process the information necessary to sustain life ?
How companies can gather information and still preserve privacy .
Students must still gather data , assess the situation , and make decisions .
However , such information is often challenging to gather within clinical settings .
Men prefer to gather in informal sites to interact socially .
The stromal cells tended to gather around capillaries .
Circaseptans return to Bratislava and gather momentum beyond .
