However , this advantage did not generalize to the visual domain .
However , the effect did not generalize to insight into numbers 21-100 .
However , the effect did not generalize to insight into numbers 21-100 .
Small sample sizes and inconsistencies in outcome measurement limit the ability to generalize findings .
Additional research is needed to validate and generalize our findings .
Attempts to generalize the design approach used in this single successful case have failed .
However , this algorithm does not seem to generalize to mutual capacitance problems .
Countering fear renewal : changes in the UCS representation generalize across contexts .
Similarly , nicotine failed to generalize with physostigmine at doses up to 1.0 mg/kg .
We also generalize some known results from the real-valued case to the complex-valued one .
We generalize their triad dynamics to k-cycle dynamics for arbitrary integer k .
Multi-state models generalize competing risks models by also describing transitions to intermediate events .
We also generalize the concept of saddle trajectory and the corresponding reconstruction algorithm .
These formulas generalize the known results for n < or = 4 .
The methods generalize earlier approaches where undesirable events and therapeutic benefit are both binary .
The equations are found to generalize those of Kuramoto to frequency- and position-dependent coupling .
Clinical data are needed to generalize prolapse mesh repair by the vaginal route .
Mapping was independent of the tendency to generalize according to shape .
In this paper we generalize and refine these preliminary results .
Do deficits generalize across multiple emotional expressions or are they limited to specific emotions ?
At low visitation , plants generalize and allocate more to female function .
Data were limited to 52 weeks and may not generalize to nonplaque psoriasis .
They must discriminate linguistically-relevant acoustic variability and generalize across irrelevant variability .
The results were specific for IU and did not generalize to self-reported trait anxiety .
We generalize this algorithm to accommodate noise .
Study 1 results did not generalize .
Its results may only generalize narrowly .
Triangular shape of membership functions is supposed , but we generalize the results obtained .
Our findings further generalize the bimodality phenomenon and support the NDDG criteria .
