However , the cell-intrinsic mechanisms that govern neuronal positioning remain to be elucidated .
Factors and situations that govern implementation of safety practices are cited and discussed .
Does temperature regime govern the establishment of Heterobasidion annosum in Scandinavia ?
Developing a business model to govern its new implant supply process .
Modern warfare has resulted in multiple changes in policy that govern military operations .
We shall describe the factors that govern aggregation of unfolded peptides and proteins .
In mammals , whether metabolic-sensing neurons govern aging in a cell-non-autonomous fashion is unknown .
The circadian clocks govern many metabolic and behavioral processes in an organism .
Shared molecular programs govern the formation of heart and head during mammalian embryogenesis .
State and federal governments and industry regulations heavily govern healthcare and how nurses practice .
Different activation domains of Sp1 govern formation of multimers and mediate transcriptional synergism .
These biochemical reactions govern cell growth and cause cells to attain an anabolic state .
Acetogens and acetoclastic methanosarcinales govern methane formation in abandoned coal mines .
It also summarizes important principles that govern receptor recognition by viruses in general .
We conclude that dynamic clinical parameters appear to govern EF in patients with PKU .
Protein-ligand interactions characterise and govern the current state and fate of a living cell .
These dHb clusters are also preserved during odor stimulation and govern olfactory responses .
These dynamics are biologically relevant and govern the majority of functional and pathological processes .
Evidence suggesting that desire-state attribution may govern food sharing in Eurasian jays .
Can the government govern ?
Together , these results offer insights into the transcriptional mechanisms that govern cytotrophoblast differentiation/invasion .
Parent-child relationships are fundamental human relationships in which specific norms govern proper parent-child interactions .
The mechanisms by which the cell cycle events govern these processes are poorly understood .
Federal agencies that govern and enforce GINA 's provisions are identified .
Shifts across environments in patterns of trait integration may govern or alter adaptive responses .
The molecular processes that govern and facilitate this mitochondrial translation remain unclear .
