However , the evidence that they provide is insufficient to grant the effectiveness of the WHO guidelines because a controlled clinical trial of this intervention has never been published .
These abilities grant nurses performance capacities , in turn proportioning reductions in damage and incapacities .
Parents may grant more decision-making autonomy to adolescent males than to females .
Swiss regulations grant a high degree of safety due to product and training requirements for homeopathic physicians .
Resolution of symptoms and complete recovery as documented by vestibular bedside and laboratory tests allowed us to grant the pilot full solo flying privileges .
The Court , however , could not grant the relief requested until the lower court made findings about the actual risk of the disease 's transmission to others .
Employers may grant unpaid maternity leave of up to a year to allow women to care for infants .
Recognizing the need to serve a wider aphasia community , NAA partnered with the Rehabilitation Institute of Chicago ( RIC ) Stroke Research and Training Center grant funded by the National Institute on Disability Research and Rehabilitation ( NIDRR ) to conduct regional conferences modeled on the Speaking Out ! proven framework .
Rather than deny coverage for these technologies or grant them unlimited coverage , CED attempts to ensure that patients ' access to new medications is not prevented but is managed in a coordinated way , while also generating additional evidence to reduce any uncertainty about the value of the medications .
Missouri , E.D. , held that the plaintiff physicians could not attack a statement of intent of the same law , which provides that " It is the intention of the general assembly of the state of Missouri to grant the right to life to all humans , born and unborn , and to regulate abortion to the full extent permitted by the Constitution of the United States , decisions of the United States Supreme Court , and federal statutes. " See Women 's Health Ctr. of West Cty. v .
The authors assert that if psychiatry residency programs elect the chief resident by involving both faculty and residents , grant a year-long term and include him or her in all major decisions that involve the residency , the chief resident is far more likely to make meaningful contributions to the training program .
The Clinton administration has a pro-choice position , hence Roussel had agreed to grant a license to the Population Council and to provide the Food and Drug Administration with toxicologic and chemical data on mifepristone .
