The understanding of functions of cells within microbial populations or communities is certainly needed for existing and novel cytomic approaches which grip the individual scale .
Two externally imposed economic pressures that grip the health care industry are on a collision course : tightening reimbursement and exploding costs of malpractice litigation and insurance .
The results indicate that standing bus passengers should grip the fixtures , such as a stanchion , with their right hand when they are standing on the right side in a bus facing the windows .
We used an overtube to insert the scope further in order to avoid forming redundant loops in the small intestine , and two balloons to grip the intestinal wall .
When birds squat on a perch to sleep , the increased tendon travel distance due to flexion of the knee and ankle supposedly causes the toes to grip the perch ( ADFM ) and engage the DTLM so perching while sleeping involves no muscular effort .
The sports shoe for youths should grip the heel and support the longitudinal arch to prevent an incorrect weight distribution .
However , neither infant nor adult monkeys could grip food by using thumb and forefinger independently of the other fingers .
In this end-effector embodiment , the distal end of a single articulating arm can grip needles and instruments and allows a fairly high number of degrees of freedom of movement during the complex motions associated with positioning and driving needles , as well as the periodic motions associated with breathing patterns .
During this task subjects grip a specialized grip rod and have to increase the pull force linearly while the rod is locked .
This procedure of osteosynthesis is a good method in comminuted fractures as well as osteoporotic bone , in which the screws grip badly .
Following conventional denture construction , paired cobalt / samarium magnets in a special configuration are cured into the denture base so that with the denture inserted , the magnets grip the root elements with a retentive force of approximately 300 g per root .
