[Does trauma help teenagers to " grow up " ? ] .
The isolate was able to grow on various carbohydrates or complex proteinaceous substances .
B. bronchiseptica was investigated because it is easier to grow than B. pertussis .
Two trials suggested that LCPUFA supplemented infants grow less well than controls .
Microorganisms did not grow in soda-lime cultures .
Strain N75 ( T ) did not grow in medium containing NaCl .
Despite this specific expression , ECAT11 - null mice grow normally and are fertile .
SSPs are a minority but they grow with proteome size .
Yeasts in culture media grow exponentially in early period but eventually stop growing .
Issatchenkia orientalis could only grow when enough oxygen was available .
The thermal motion of atoms causes the average particle speed to grow .
Alga-free paramecia and symbiotic algae can grow independently .
They are single crystals with monoclinic structure and grow along the [010 ] direction .
Cells adhered poorly to and did not grow on untreated Dacron and PTFE .
Thirty minutes CTC-treatment cause growing tubes to bend and grow back toward the grain .
Nurse-leaders use mentorship to grow and develop leadership potential in other nurses .
It is possible to isolate mutants that grow and replicate outside prey bacteria .
The pulmonary system continues to grow and develop until linear growth is completed .
Three mutants were saprophytic , and two mutants could grow axenically .
Smaller SAAs ( <2 cm ) grow slowly and carry a negligible rupture risk .
We confirm that most renal masses grow slowly and carry a low metastatic potential .
How to grow a mind : statistics , structure , and abstraction .
Magnetic field-magnetic nanoparticle culture system used to grow in vitro murine embryonic stem cells .
Samples from suspected cases often fail to grow Mucorales in microbiologic cultures .
Our aim was to grow an endothelial layer on a substratum suitable for transplant .
Many attempts have been made to grow immature oocytes in vitro during recent decades .
An attempt to grow those diploid cells on microcarriers resulted in a failure .
This is the direct substratum that pioneer axons follow as they grow .
Can amorphous nuclei grow crystalline clathrates ?
Stimulation of beta cells : trying to reap what we grow .
