Low engraftment and adverse immune reactions hamper the success rate of clinical islet transplantation .
These performances significantly hamper the application of esiRNAs on a large-scale level .
Goal ambiguity matters because it may hamper organizational performance .
However , culture-based countertransferences ( CBCs ) may hamper this effort .
Susceptibility to stress-induced apoptosis may underlie beta cell failure and/or hamper islet transplantation therapy .
These legal proceedings can influence investigators and hamper research .
In obsessive-compulsive disorder , early treatment discontinuation can hamper the effectiveness of first-line treatments .
To date , immunological , functional , and technical problems still hamper clinical success .
Neutralizing antibodies hamper IFNbeta bioactivity and treatment effect on MRI in patients with MS .
This variation could hamper efforts to design and implement multicenter trials in neurocritical care .
Blood from the cushion did not hamper visualization and facilitated EMR .
Chronic cocaine exposure may hamper central nervous system maturation and alter postnatal development .
Failures that occur during the routine work may spread out and hamper the routine .
Sesame oil and synthetic coital lubricants impaired sperm motility and may hamper fertility .
It could cause unnecessary discomfort and hamper further ' patient-doctor ' dialog .
This pseudo-heterogeneity does not hamper the crystallization of AcrB as a homotrimer .
Nicotine dependence has been shown to hamper successful smoking cessation in adolescents .
The Japanese authorities can therefore be expected to hamper their importation in the future .
Fitness gains hamper efforts to tackle drug resistance .
Persistent and recurrent disease hamper attempts at eradication of this infection .
Importantly , rTM did not hamper the anti-GVL and engraftment of hematopoietic cells .
These factors hamper the folliculorexis and the follicular cyst does develop .
A number of factors which hamper or prevent prescribing require further exploration .
In this case series we also highlight how cultural beliefs hamper and shape management .
