We shall have to see how creatively MannKind will handle all such questions .
Meta-analysis of high-throughput experiments has to handle methodological as well as technical challenges .
Can you handle failure ?
All of the medical staff should follow the guidelines when they handle CP .
The Plaque Simulator software can also handle some correction factors from MC simulations .
How do I handle the patient with noncardiac chest pain ?
Schools are struggling with how best to handle lice .
BNArray can handle microarray datasets with missing data .
We develop a robust framework to handle core sections under these conditions .
The parents were trained to handle the equipment and to keep records of progress .
Should you handle it privately or should you call in the police ?
Most of them are polymerase dependent and cannot handle eukaryotes and prokaryotes alike .
Parents often handle this infestation on their own initiative .
The effects of periodontal instrument handle design on hand muscle load and pinch force .
More precisely , we handle clustering as a constrained minimization of a Bregman divergence .
The surgeon must handle tissue with instruments only and minimize the use of fingers .
The surgeon must handle tissue with instruments only and minimize the use of fingers .
Balint groups might thus help GPs handle a demanding work life and prevent burnout .
Manufacturers have reduced their size , making them difficult to handle by old patients .
Spandra was easier to apply and handle than OpSite .
How to handle the first months at a new hospital .
Virtual slide technology has to handle and transfer images of GB Bytes in size .
Human services and mass communication : struggling to handle today and prepare for tomorrow .
These neurons are capable to handle the hyperbox overlap and containment more efficiently .
How will Obama handle Ryancare ?
Drinking from a fire hose-more than we can handle ?
a new , rounded scalpel handle .
Ergonomic design criteria for a novel laparoscopic tool handle with tactile feedback .
Primary health : handle with care .
Radiolucent handle for percutaneous puncture under continuous fluoroscopic monitoring .
