The haemostasis ' disorders may happen on the venous or arterial side .
In group 3 , The recovery could n't happen at anytime .
Elder abuse can happen to any older adult .
Transforming Health through better health information will not happen overnight .
Mid staffs scandal could happen again .
This may happen even if the invading species is an inferior competitor .
The perception that some diseases happen in certain places is old .
This is of concern because most youth firearm injuries happen to adolescents .
Renal damge may happen when people contact or intake excessive chromium compounds .
Drowning may happen by accident or as a method of committing suicide .
Is DWH an extreme event or will it happen frequently in the future ?
Most falls causing hip fracture in nonagenarians happen during the day and at home .
A quantitative analysis reveals how and why they happen .
Endoscopic sphincterotomy is a benign procedure but occasional complications happen .
Radiographic progression in rheumatoid arthritis : does it still happen and does it matter ?
Microbial contamination of parenteral nutrition--how could it happen ?
Transformation can happen anywhere .
Accidents do happen : two cautionary tales .
Most of malarias are now due to Plasmodium falciparum and happen in Africa .
Tackling the issue of insulin initiation should not only happen during clinical consultations .
The observed demethylation is specific and can happen without DNA replication .
I told you it was going to happen .. .
The physician " surplus " : how did it happen ?
Home-ownership in Europe : How did it happen ?
This may happen once or several times during an interview .
Anybody remember the '90s ? Skeptics beware : Reform could happen this time around .
It did happen here : fear and loathing on the vaccine trail .
Skin ageing is an irreversible process during which ultrastructural and physiologic alterations happen .
Toward asthma prevention--does all that really matters happen before we learn to read ?
Two possible ways in which this can happen are described .
