Until now , it has been thought that insects harbor lamins only .
Deep-sea hydrothermal vent chimneys harbor a high diversity of largely unknown microorganisms .
Embryonic stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes harbor a subpopulation of niche-forming Sca-1+ progenitor cells .
Strain CBS513.88 is known to harbor 21 copies of the nonautonomous transposon Vader .
We found 899 ESTs that harbor 997 SSRs ( 4.94 % ) .
Participants with CMV antibody level>=6 AU/mL were considered to harbor CMV infection .
Thus , cattle may harbor R. parkeri-infected A. maculatum and produce antibodies to SFGR .
Type I tumors rarely harbor TP53 mutations and are relatively stable genetically .
These bacteria harbor several putative virulence factors and display unique metabolic strategies .
In both instances , neoplastic mast cells usually harbor the D816V-mutated variant of KIT .
Mammals harbor a dense commensal microbiota in the colon .
Most oceanic islands harbor unusual and vulnerable biotas as a result of isolation .
Irregular surfaces may help harbor organisms in the environment .
Patients surviving should be assumed to harbor an underlying malignancy until proved otherwise .
The population was found to harbor significant fears around the future .
Both lack some metabolic genes and harbor similar plasmids of invasion .
These " high-density " snails may have undergone stresses and may harbor opportunistic pathogens .
Both techniques are invasive and harbor risks .
However , most AMPs harbor multiple basic amino acids that hamper current proteomic identification .
The Archaea harbor many metabolic pathways that differ to previously recognized classical pathways .
A harbor seal can transfer the same/different concept to new stimulus dimensions .
Recycling of harbor sediment as lightweight aggregate .
PAHs distribution revealed their pyrogenic origin with some biogenic influence in harbor .
An ecosystem health status approach was carried out in Portimao harbor as a case-study .
Safe harbor for health care cost containment .
Up to 35 % of normal individuals may harbor Hemophilus aphrophilus in their oropharynx .
Technical conditions in the safe harbor , in particular , undermine its utility .
