Implants were intended to heal in a submerged mode .
Venous ulcers that respond to treatment appear to heal at a near constant rate .
The wound had failed to heal properly after 2 weeks of conservative management .
Fetal wounds can heal without scarring .
It is reported that peri-implantitis does not heal favorably following nonsurgical therapy .
Moreover , the cracks would heal because of high lateral growth rate .
Parenthood raised their aspirations and helped them to heal the rift in the superego .
To heal a draining wound .
Skin grafting has been shown to successfully heal chronic leg ulcers .
Compared with the non-diabetic rabbits , wounds of diabetic rabbits heal significantly slower .
It has been reported that osteoid osteoma may heal spontaneously .
Most tympanic membrane perforations heal spontaneously , whereas a fraction remains patent .
Reindeer bone extract can heal the critical-size rat femur defect .
The primary endpoint of the study was time to heal the first donor site .
Why the most potent toxin may heal anal fissure .
Most ulcers heal with conservative treatment , but recurrence is common .
Ulceration is never seen , and the nodules heal without atrophy or scarring .
Mild whiplash injuries are very common and as a rule they heal without sequelae .
Massive RCT does not heal spontaneously and results in poor clinical outcomes .
Children heal quickly , but they also tend to develop hypertrophic scars .
Superficial lesions may heal spontaneously and seldom result in morbidity or mortality .
Thirty eight patients went on to heal their wounds .
All patients went on to heal their sternums without evidence of mediastinitis .
Small osteochondral defects in rabbit femur found to heal themselves by regeneration .
These lesions are extremely painful , heal slowly , and lead to substantial disability .
To heal or to harm .
Tendons , like some other tissues , are poorly vascularized and heal slowly .
This article reviews the most common procedures performed to heal ulcers or avoid recurrence .
Reach out and heal someone .
They are effective in relieving mild reflux symptoms but do not predictably heal oesophagitis .
