This tool should help non-trained people identify " Mibyou " health status for individuals .
Our classification system could help surgeons tailor management of convex nasal dorsum deformities .
The findings may help predict successful pregnancy in single-blastocyst transfer .
These findings will help in optimizing therapeutic strategies against cancer using PPZ .
We believe that adding a health coach will help in achieving this goal .
In long-term follow-up of BA patients , MDCT can help determine follow-up strategies .
Particulate nanoscale delivery systems deliver antigens intracellularly and help in inducing T-cell responses .
A clinical score is available to help with the diagnosis of thoracic pain .
Incidence in pediatric IBD is rising : help from health administrative data .
There is a lack of guidelines to help decision-making .
Can this DNA sleuth help catch criminals ?
Does Your Heart Forecast help practitioner understanding and confidence with cardiovascular disease risk communication ?
It is easy to perform and may help the patients gain a faster rehabilitation .
The models can be used to simulate relationships and help understand the relationships .
Relatives can provide important help and support to their loved one .
We hypothesized that neutrophils help modulate the adaptive response and promote host tissue damage .
Endoscopic techniques help reduce hospital costs and decrease the morbidity .
The trauma and the clinical signs can help but the confirmation is surgical .
MRA may help planning of catheter interventions for PPAS .
Although he had significant psychiatric issues , psychiatric treatment did not help him .
The work will help the design of the isozyme-specific inhibitors of hCA VII .
Based on the available evidence , peer support interventions help reduce symptoms of depression .
Platelet-rich plasma ( PRP ) therapies may help athletes by promoting muscle regeneration .
Specific communications training may help clinicians in this role .
Guidelines are needed to help the physicist set clinically reasonable action levels for agreement .
The models can be further used to help design shoes with optimized thermal comfort .
Recommendations represent systematically developed statements to help practitioners in reducing variability .
They also help with promotion in academic medicine and can reveal new job opportunities .
A CT scan can help in the assessment of severity and for preoperative planning .
As a result , Dr. Park could n't help but stop his anti-Japanese activities .
