Hit- and run traffic accidents frequently occur because an intention to hide drunkenness .
This may lead to incorrect diagnoses or hide pathological findings .
[US president Roosevelt tried to hide the sequelae of his polio infection ] .
Unpublished results hide the decline effect .
Inheritance of vertical fiber hide defect in cattle .
Therefore , they hide their drinking in secluded places .
Plasmodium falciparum gametocytes : playing hide and seek .
Oculomotor hide and seek : pursuing an accelerating target behind an occluder .
Truly life-threatening stimuli elicit instinctive behavior such as fight , flee , or hide .
Playing hide and seek with mammalian meiotic crossover hotspots .
Mi ' kmaq children are stoic and often hide their pain .
Fathers spent more time trying to hide their feelings and worrying about their usefulness .
Immune-regulatory mechanisms are used by cancer to hide from the immune system .
Sometimes they are forced to hide from relatives , friends , neighbours and co-workers .
They are easy to recognize and difficult to hide .
When doctors hide medical errors .
The endoscopic technique permits to hide minimal scars in the hair .
The hiding function could be executed to hide identifiers in offline mode .
A simple method to hide data loggers safely in observation wells .
Beef hide antimicrobial interventions as a means of reducing bacterial contamination .
Despite a characteristic appearance , this may hide clinically relevant uptake .
No place to hide : the ethics of disclosure .
Nothing to hide : transparency in healthcare .
Spend , spend , spend--hide , hide , hide .
Do you want us to hide information or release information ?
They hide their legs in pants and seek medical advice .
Food caching birds hide food and recover the caches when supplies are less abundant .
A suspenseful game of ' hide and seek ' between virus and host .
Physical dormancy in seeds : a game of hide and seek ?
E. coli O157 was isolated from the hide and carcass of this animal .
