Finally , the authors highlight uses of the comparative table within multiple settings .
Several reports highlight the relationship between blood NK cytotoxic activity and life style .
These observations highlight the variable use of a common signalling module in filamentous fungi .
We briefly review the other available data and highlight the need for future work .
It enables to highlight conserved gene signatures between multiple independent studies .
A brief case is used to highlight the variable presentation of PRES .
Our results highlight the peculiarities of fullerenes as guests in molecular recognition .
In the current study we highlight the involvement of PARP during D. discoideum development .
Results highlight the bioSiC potential as component of medicated medical devices .
We further highlight major challenges and promises in this area .
Genome-scale techniques highlight the epigenome and redefine fundamental principles of gene regulation .
This article will highlight the technique and results associated with fallopian tube embolization .
Here we summarise the progress to date and highlight topics for future research .
We present several cases that highlight these issues and review the relevant forensic literature .
These QSTRs are different enough and highlight opposite influences of certain descriptors on toxicity .
Our data highlight that non - MenB meningococcal isolates also harbor fHBP .
Our data also highlight that immunohistochemistry improves detection of neurons expressing YFP .
These results highlight the rich functional heterogeneity that exists within right VLPFC .
Active research is ongoing to highlight more on the etiopathogenesis of this entity .
To highlight complexities in defining vitamin D sufficiency in children .
This review aims to highlight the agents furthest along in their development .
In this report , we highlight these events and the main themes we identified .
In this article , we highlight these challenges and discuss potential solutions .
The cases highlight management principles in these injuries , and treatment options are discussed .
Chemical ecology of marine organisms is the highlight of chemical ecology in recent years .
In addition , these findings highlight how behavioral states can affect basal ganglia interactions .
[New highlight of acute interstitial pneumonia ] .
We identified 105 articles for full review and highlight 5 articles in our report .
