Intravenous smart pump devices hold specific medications in electronic libraries .
Costimulatory factors hold great promise for development into novel anticancer biotherapeutics .
Robust relationships hold the key to success .
Good scientists do reach and hold divergent views on important issues .
Do n't hold your breath .
Orthogonal gimbals hold the linac-MLC assembly allowing real-time moving tumor tracking .
FCs hold clinical potential because of their ability to remain tolerogenic in vivo .
What does the future hold for clinical studies in vasculitis ?
Faces are visual objects that hold special significance as the icons of other minds .
These observations hold for diverse eukaryotes .
The same does not hold for the role played by His-50 in copper binding .
We demonstrate that the key predictions of the theory hold in large-scale simulations .
Talking therapies : can the centre hold ?
This assumption does not hold for muscles whose fibers are oblique to the skin .
They hold great potential as natural preservatives and for their probiotic effects .
Bacteriocin L-1077 appears to hold promise in controlling C. jejuni/S .
Cancellous block allografts appear to hold promise for grafting the anterior atrophic maxilla .
Primary care seems to hold little attraction as a career goal for young physicians .
Biophysics--whence , whither , wherefore--or hold that hyphen .
The same condition is expected to hold for other lanthanide linear molecules .
Generalizations are also proved to hold if n=2 .
MRI studies are in their infancy but may hold future benefit .
The model needs further development but may hold a potential for clinical use .
Eat your fruits and vegetables but hold the salt .
States hold steady .. . but Medicaid pain ahead as federal help ebbs .
We might hold the key but we do not control the lock .
Self-reported and observer-reported ratings hold different meanings and cannot be considered equivalent .
[We can perhaps hold AIDS in check but we cannot cure it ] .
Epigenetic changes hold great potential as possible disease mechanisms and may be manipulated therapeutically .
