However , the presence of target ssDNA will hybridize with the probe .
Sequences in the proximal IRL of herpes simplex virus DNA hybridize to human DNA .
The mPL-II cDNA clones hybridize to a 1.0-kilobase placental-specific mRNA .
Specific primers were designed to hybridize to CS gene-specific regions .
Analysis of these features often employs oligonucleotides that hybridize at defined locations .
Recombinant phages were used to hybridize with a family of mung bean repetitive DNA .
Both races do not freely hybridize in nature and their populations are genetically differentiated .
Ecotypes hybridize in contact zones , but gene flow is impeded by assortative mating .
For two nearby parallel Mn moments the acceptor states hybridize and split in energy .
B-G cDNA clones have multiple small repeats and hybridize to both chicken MHC regions .
PCC 7120 genomic DNA , but did hybridize to Oenothera chloroplast DNA .
These conjugates were able to hybridize with complementary oligonucleotide and bind biotin , respectively .
They hybridize with two mRNAs that differ in size by about 300 nucleotides .
Total RNA from rat spleen did not hybridize .
The sequences of two cloned genes from Drosophila which hybridize with tRNALys5 are reported .
SEM revealed that the nano-primer was unable to decalcify and hybridize the dentin surface .
siRNAs designed to reside within siRNA seats are less likely to hybridize off-target .
The two cDNA inserts did not cross hybridize and had distinct restriction maps .
They can hybridize and thereby link up modules containing complementary sequences .
They hybridize frequently and likely share a significant portion of their genomes through introgression .
Signal probes were applied to hybridize and protect the rRNA target .
Oligonucleotide probes longer than 22 residues were also used but did not hybridize .
The Odocoileus species are known to hybridize and sharing of mtDNA haplotypes was observed .
Antigene sequences hybridize double-stranded DNA in the nucleus , forming triple helixes .
In addition , we hybridize the niching method with the k-means algorithm .
However , DNAs from these S. hyicus isolates did cross hybridize with each other .
