IgG from some patients were found to hydrolyze FIX .
Pyloric-duodenal lipase was able to hydrolyze emulsified alimentary oils .
A longer time was needed to hydrolyze glucuronic acid than neutral saccharides .
Lysozymes are antibacterial effectors of the innate immune system in animals that hydrolyze peptidoglycan .
IgG from some patients with acquired hemophilia hydrolyze FVIII .
Xylanases ( EC 3.2.1.8 ) are enzymes that can hydrolyze the xylan backbone internally .
A 5'-methylthioadenosine-adenosylhomocysteine nucleosidase is used to hydrolyze AdoHcy to adenine .
The products demonstrated varying ability to hydrolyze lactose under simulated digestive tract conditions .
The high-affinity sites are able to hydrolyze ATP at a very slow rate .
The pure enzyme can efficiently hydrolyze haemolymph trehalose into glucose in vitro .
Unlike the soluble intracellular beta-xylosidase , the wall-bound enzyme does not hydrolyze xylooligosaccharides .
In red cell lysates , three soluble proteases hydrolyze insulin at pH 8.5 .
Cholinesterases are enzymes able to hydrolyze the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and thus to terminate transmission .
The GPExo intensively adsorbed onto Avicel but did not hydrolyze it .
The enzyme is specific for phosphatidylinositol and phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate but does not hydrolyze phosphatidylcholine .
This enzyme also asymmetrically hydrolyzes Ap4A , but it does not hydrolyze NAD + .
Both endopeptidases hydrolyze insulin B chain and are totally inhibited by EDTA and o-phenanthroline .
Intracellular phosphodiesterases ( PDEs ) hydrolyze cAMP and limit stimulation of lipolysis .
It is clear that oximes easily hydrolyze ASCh .
The enzyme did not hydrolyze N-carbamoyl-beta-alanine .
These nitriles could hydrolyze to produce the corresponding chloroacetic acids .
This extract does not hydrolyze further the resulting octapeptide .
They hydrolyze rapidly in aqueous solution to give predominantly mono-aqua mono-chlorido species .
Both LSS and DS enzymes hydrolyze at the highest rate propionylthiocholine .
An acid-catalyzed procedure has been used to hydrolyze MHPG-sulfate in homogenates of rat brain .
The enzyme bound to its ligand shows to be inactive to hydrolyze of arginine .
In general , hHint3s hydrolyze phosphoramidate 370- to 2000-fold less efficiently than hHint1 .
Octacalcium phosphate is less stable than hydroxyapatite and can hydrolyze to OHAp .
Metallo-beta-lactamases are zinc containing enzymes that are able to hydrolyze and inactivate beta-lactam antibiotics .
In contrast , they hydrolyzed poorly DIMBOA-glucoside and did not hydrolyze pNP- and oNP-glucosides .
