Endothelial cells also release substances ( EDHF ) that hyperpolarize vascular smooth muscle .
They depolarize immature neurons but hyperpolarize more mature neurons .
Cells treated with valinomycin to hyperpolarize the membrane showed increased deoxygenation-induced Na influx .
Conditions that hyperpolarize the cells did not alter the basal rate of hexose uptake .
Pentobarbital and halothane hyperpolarize cat alpha-motoneurons .
Whether the other drugs also hyperpolarize the yeast cells is uncertain .
10 mumol/l furosemide hyperpolarize the cell membrane by -11.4 +/- 1.4 mV .
Insulin does not hyperpolarize rat muscle by means of a ouabain - inhibitable process .
Both PMA and somatostatin hyperpolarize insulinoma cells by activating ATP - sensitive K+ channels .
This smaller increase was sufficient to hyperpolarize the membrane by 8 mV .
Triphentyltin failed to hyperpolarize thymocytes in Ca ( 2+ ) -free solution .
Opioids act at mu-receptors to hyperpolarize arcuate neurons via an inwardly rectifying potassium conductance .
Their activation can hyperpolarize neurones and diminish neurotransmitter release from presynaptic terminals .
Potassium channel openers hyperpolarize the smooth muscle cell membrane and relax airway smooth muscle .
Post-synaptic alpha 2 receptors hyperpolarize neurons membranes and decrease the activity of nociceptive neurons .
Monensin was found to hyperpolarize the myotubes , but causes myotube atrophy .
The catecholamines were then proposed to hyperpolarize hepatic glucoreceptors and produce satiety .
Photoreceptors of the vertebrate retina hyperpolarize in response to light .
Photoreceptors of the vertebrate retina hyperpolarize in response to illumination .
Broad-field horizontal cells always hyperpolarize in response to surround illumination .
Vertebrate rod and cone photoreceptors hyperpolarize when illuminated .
Small elevations in external K+ hyperpolarize and dilate small cerebral arteries .
When K ATP channels open , beta-cells hyperpolarize and insulin secretion is suppressed .
Stimulated V-HEL cells did not hyperpolarize and basal Ca2+ influx was unaffected by charybdotoxin .
