The patients ' slides were reviewed to identify secondary histological changes .
This was conducted in an effort to identify potential biomarkers of exposure .
Stepwise logistic regression was used to identify independent predictors of in-hospital mortality .
This tool should help non-trained people identify " Mibyou " health status for individuals .
Use of BAER to identify loss of auditory function in older horses .
Transcriptional profiling to identify biomarkers of disease and drug response .
These findings have been used to identify coactivating brain regions as functional networks .
We then used Taqman low-density arrays to identify suitable housekeeping genes in lupus nephritis .
To identify novel methylation-silenced genes in ESCC .
There is a need to identify their needs and to support them .
Establish the incidence of accidental hypothermia in major trauma patients and identify causative factors .
Such information is essential to identify potential problems and to inform targeted intervention strategies .
Force measuring sensors may be used to electronically identify and quantify these maneuvers .
To identify , catalog , and critically evaluate Web-based resources for critical care education .
Further investigation is warranted to identify and truncate further disparate birth outcomes .
To identify a neck as difficult seems an easy thing .
These data identify IL-6 as an important target for modulation of autoimmune responses .
Patients with COPD identify dyspnea as their most disabling symptom .
MRI can identify intracystic haemorrhage and permit renal volume measure .
Screening series identify most cases of acrylate allergy but miss a substantial number .
Staff should identify caregivers , assess their motivations , and help determine appropriate tasks .
It is important for clinicians to identify malingerers early and limit unnecessary admissions .
In addition , they will identify enriched populations and enable individualized drug therapy .
Clinicians should identify individuals at risk and actively recommend vitamin D supplementation .
This might help identify patients at particular risk from thrombosis and so administer thromboprophylaxis .
Isolate and purify compounds by chromatographic methods , and identify structures by spectroscopic methods .
To identify cTnI rise after percutaneous ISD closure and to determine its prognostic significance .
We further identify R447 of Epac2 to be critically involved in SU binding .
Structured literature search ( 1950-2008 ) to identify all published oncology RCTCEB .
We identify several key controversies that have stimulated important work on these problems .
