Finally , several examples are present to illustrate the application of the prediction tools .
We applied the method to two proteins to illustrate the protocol and its results .
We preferred the self-catalyzing vapor-liquid-solid ( VLS ) mechanism to illustrate their growth process .
Our numerical experiments illustrate the metastatic ability of tumour cells .
This case may illustrate another possible complication following bariatric surgery .
These findings illustrate a possible mechanistic link between vitamin E and insulin sensitivity .
Our results illustrate that similar mechanisms of burrowing are used by morphologically different burrowers .
These data illustrate that FSHR couples to multiple signaling pathways in vivo .
These results illustrate how a conserved tRNA recognition pattern changed during evolution .
Our results illustrate an etiological diagnosis of acute kidney injury through analysis of urine .
These results illustrate the rapid discovery of new markers through synteny mapping .
Finally we illustrate our results with a concrete model of n spins .
We illustrate UK practice with clinical cases and describe worldwide variations .
We illustrate the phenomenon , and present analytical results for paradigmatic nonlinear systems .
The authors empirically illustrate this framework and give step-by-step instructions for estimation and interpretation .
To illustrate a clinical presentation of GBS in an individual with chronic SCI .
To illustrate imaging findings of granulocytic sarcoma in an unusual location ; maxillary sinus .
Framework analysis was used to illustrate key themes in the data .
Then we give details of the graph-based normalization algorithm and illustrate some results .
Statistical data for precision and accuracy are given and illustrate reliable quantification .
Two contrasting pathosystems are implemented using the framework and illustrate its generic utility .
We illustrate , with a simple example , how this occurs .
We then illustrate with numerical examples how conflicting demands may be resolved .
In conclusion , our data illustrate that epidermal KCs express functional C3aR .
Calculations are performed on model potentials to illustrate and interpret the FSRS spectra .
Practical problem cases are used to illustrate and emphasize specific areas of interpretation difficulties .
Table 5 attempts to illustrate what is known and provide estimates for circulating variants .
They illustrate with examples the rituals employed in therapy and discuss their classification .
We illustrate these properties by numerical simulations and suggest experiments to test these findings .
We illustrate the method on simulated examples and apply it to real datasets .
