Further work is needed to illuminate other potential improvements in ethics and professionalism education .
to illuminate the experiences of women who have given birth at home .
The wavelength calibration using a Penning source to illuminate the aperture fully is presented .
Results illuminate changes in masculine identity among Brazilian men treated for cancer .
We examine how normal development may illuminate the hypnotic state .
Structural considerations illuminate the mechanism by which the KaiABC oscillator ratchets unidirectionally .
Here we summarize biomarkers that may illuminate immunopathogenesis and assist in diagnosis .
It tends to distort rather than illuminate the relevant considerations .
This approach can sometimes obscure rather than illuminate research data .
We also illuminate some related issues and resolve apparent discrepancies .
Metaphors illuminate complex issues and can paint a thousand words .
T lymphocyte clones illuminate pathogenesis and affect therapy of experimental arthritis .
The aim was to illuminate their quality of life after 2-3 years in Sweden .
To illuminate the meaning of living with alcohol dependency as a woman .
Devices were constructed and used to illuminate oral mucosa and uterine endometrium for PDT .
Mitochondrial genome sequences illuminate maternal lineages of conservation concern in a rare carnivore .
The results illuminate the mechanism of replication termination specifically at tau .
We illuminate gerontological issues by discussing three myths .
Feminist critiques illuminate the larger structures that oppress both women and men .
However , they also illuminate where undergraduate nurse education could be further enhanced .
Their stories illuminate personal , social and cultural concepts which characterize these women .
Are other data available to illuminate or be used with the evaluation ? .
She uses a variety of techniques to illuminate and illustrate nursing 's complexity .
Its aim is to illuminate and to understand the perspective of home care nurses .
OCT probe and excitation beam coaxially illuminate and are focused on tissues .
Counselor recognition of these processes can illuminate and inform counseling practice .
It can illuminate and identify roots in the sinus if such treatment becomes necessary .
