The PSGMA carboxyl groups are used to immobilize bovine serum albumin ( BSA ) .
Streptavidin - coated magnetic beads were used as support to immobilize the biotinylated OA .
To immobilize Methylobacterium sp .
The different techniques of self-assembly to immobilize metallic nanoparticles on solid support are covered .
One approach is to immobilize the signal transducing protein directly on a solid surface .
Therefore , heat treatment appears useful to locally immobilize BMP-2 on various implant surfaces .
Synthesis of an oligonucleotide-derivatized amphipol and its use to trap and immobilize membrane proteins .
Glutaraldehyde and p-benzoquinone do not produce cyclization of 5-HT but immobilize monoamines in situ .
Neutrophils were less adherent and did not immobilize L3 .
Potential adverse effects of applying phosphate amendments to immobilize soil contaminants .
Oral administration of diazepam and promazine hydrochloride to immobilize pronghorn .
This allowed us to immobilize the protein C-terminal segment on chelating Sepharose beads .
Moreover , we show that these bacteria immobilize manganese on their cell surface .
Technologies are needed that will adequately immobilize Pb without mobilizing oxyanions such as Sb .
Bacteria can immobilize significant quantities of trace metals through surface complexation reactions .
Anti-Hase did not immobilize or neutralize T. pallidum .
This minireview highlights recent approaches to immobilize and study Abs on surfaces .
While blood circulates in NDM , CSAs attract and immobilize the idle nanogold-antibodies .
Zinc in high doses parenterally can immobilize macrophages and also induce metallothionein-like proteins .
Condoms and other rubber products immobilize sperm , but the mechanism is unknown .
These cells could immobilize the carcinogen and destroy Ni3S2 - transformed cells .
However , 8-OHdG was difficult to immobilize on a carrier for SELEX .
After operation they immobilize by " Minerva " for three weeks .
The formed photopolymer can immobilize Mn2P2O7 firmly under UV irradiation .
