Our previous study , utilizing anti-Uca beta-PDH polyclonal antibody ( pAb ) to immunolabel the optic lobe of the cricket Gryllus bimaculatus , suggested the existence of an alternative PDF-like peptide in the outer cells of the first neuropile , or lamina ( La ) , which were much less immunoreactive than the inner cells of the second neuropile , the medulla ( Me ) .
Triple-immunofluorescence experiments with antibodies to cytochrome c oxidase , tubulin , and vimentin have been used to immunolabel the mitochondria , microtubules , and intermediate filaments inside the same cultured fibroblasts .
The neurons did not immunolabel with NF-H or MAP2 , which might suggest they had not reached the level of maturity of other neurons in culture .
Specific anti-RS antibody was generated in rabbits and used to immunolabel the RS protein on the cells at different growth phases .
In this chapter , we report a detailed description of how to isolate and culture retinal explants and how to immunolabel the outgrowing neurites .
In this chapter , I will describe how to dissect , fix , and immunolabel imaginal discs .
In disease cases , antibodies for 20S , S4 , S6b , S7 , and ubiquitin intensely immunolabel neuronal nuclei of vulnerable cells in affected areas .
Unlike the antibodies to the carboxyl and amino termini of p34Cdc2 , antibodies to an abundant brain Cdc2-related kinase PSSLARE / Cdk5 did not immunolabel Alzheimer 's disease neurofibrillary lesions .
It should be noted that these antibodies did not immunolabel the alpha-layer until hatching .
The major advantages of our method are ( i ) the possibility to correlate several hundreds of events at the same time , ( ii ) the possibility to perform three-dimensional ( 3D ) correlation , ( iii ) the possibility to immunolabel both endogenous and recombinantly expressed proteins at the same time and ( iv ) the possibility to combine the high data analysis capability of FLM with the high precision-accuracy of transmission electron microscopy in a CLEM hybrid morphometry analysis .
Reporter-tagged neurons include all those that immunolabel for TrkC , a majority for TrkB , and a small proportion for TrkA .
