These discoveries imply that O - GlcNAcylation is another major regulator of cellular signaling .
These results imply that paradoxical embolism may cause the small WMLs in some migraineurs .
These results imply that dehardening resistance is not related to mid-winter hardiness .
Current alternative approaches for pacemaker lead implantation imply the breach of the pleural space .
We show that gene proximities calculated from PPI networks imply phenotype similarities .
Grades of lobular carcinoma imply different meanings than do grades of ductal carcinoma .
Muscle redundancy does not imply robustness to muscle dysfunction .
Higher scores imply worse quality-of-life in a given domain .
Results imply universal upper bounds on link density across the oceans .
The protein analysis showed changes that could imply some antigenic significance .
Polarized development , therefore , need not imply atrophy of noncore cities .
Narcotic antagonist reversibility of acupuncture effect is taken currently to imply endorphin mediation .
Social relations imply communication , and mentation underlies the ability to communicate .
Changing thoughts imply a changing brain and thus a changing biology and body .
These techniques imply the sediment structure deterioration and prohibitive costs .
[Chronic critical disease--what does the long-term patient imply for intensive medicine ] .
The discrepancy may imply under reporting of Notifiable Diseases .
This can imply for non-random distribution of insertion mutations in the region studied .
The method is quite simple , reliable and does not imply any special requirements .
It is transient and may not imply corneal toxicity .
Hydronephrosis is readily seen on antenatal ultrasonography but does not necessarily imply obstruction .
De-regulation of c-myc does not necessarily imply amplification of this gene in these tumours .
Nonsignificance plus high power does not imply support for the null over the alternative .
It is the first one to imply continuity of this effect until adolescence .
