Hundreds of different proteins regulate and implement transcription in Saccharomyces .
Many countries have been slow to fully implement evidence-based practice in maternity care .
This study introduces a novel way to implement simulation in medical education .
A total of 14 dementia special care units will implement the care programme .
Employers should implement the necessary administrative and engineering controls .
We implement balanced heterodyne detection to remove scatter and the local oscillator background .
We would then be able to implement remedial actions before hotspots develop .
The next step is to implement these packages of interventions at large scale .
The aim was to implement a fast-track model in a colorectal unit .
We provide useful information on how to implement the screen and analyze the results .
Such aspects are relevant for detection of at-risk patients and implement early intervention programs .
Improving child protective services : how to expand and implement the consensus .
MATLAB has been used to implement and test the proposed classification algorithm .
All of the tasks are easy to implement , analyze , and perform .
Extensive effort is required to successfully implement and sustain EBPs that improve clinical outcomes .
Further investigations should study the type of computerized prescription system to implement in hospitals .
[Lean hospitals : lean thinking is difficult to implement in practice ] .
However these approaches may not be easy to implement in some situations .
Is it time to implement a value-for-money approach in healthcare of the elderly ?
We implement online PWM search algorithm over parallel architecture .
Many fee-based homes did not implement sufficient preventive measures against TB .
Limited knowledge and skills to implement LBC principles and techniques underpinned their beliefs .
Inner routines automatically implement adaptive working load algorithms and allow data processing and analysis .
Finally , we implement the algorithm and evaluate its performance in numerical simulations .
These AEGIS nucleotides implement complementary hydrogen bond donor-donor-acceptor and acceptor-acceptor-donor patterns .
We implement shortHMM on human-mouse sequence alignments .
Where remediation is not possible , occupational therapists implement compensatory strategies to promote independence .
This article discusses how doctors can get involved and implement change at their hospital .
We give the details and implement them in a software tool .
