These results implicate La as a cellular protein involved in M-MuLV glyco-gag function .
The findings implicate the mesial temporal structures in relational learning .
These studies implicate PP2A as a promising therapeutic target for the treatment of cancer .
Functional linkages implicate pairwise relationships between proteins that work together to implement biological tasks .
Synaptic and molecular approaches supporting the AL also implicate the MGm/PIN .
These findings implicate new pathways for CAD susceptibility .
These data are the first to implicate CAS in the signal transduction of 5-HT .
This is the first report to implicate this mycotoxin as a teratogen .
The evidence presented seems to implicate intracranial structures in the pathogenesis of migraine headaches .
This data implicate CAPS in tamoxifen resistance and as a potential predictive marker .
Much research has begun to implicate the prefrontal cortex in the disease .
Experiments involving the partial monosomies and trisomies seem to implicate a locus on 13q14 .
Findings such as these seem to implicate the involvement of a defective membrane protein .
Our data implicate that there may be a regulatory mechanism of ASH1L histone methyltransferases .
Recently reported genome-wide association studies implicate six gene loci that predispose to TGCT development .
These findings implicate that specific activation of inflammatory pathways exclusively within hepatocytes induces hypertriglyceridemia .
Reading disorders may implicate certain processing routes , but may spare other components .
Animal models and epidemiological data implicate epigenetic inheritance , but the mechanisms remain unknown .
Increased PAP does not implicate high index values but high values specify abnormal PAP .
These distinct literatures are summarized and implicate extra-therapeutic environmental variables in both processes .
All findings implicate A. numidae as the cause of elevated mortality in this flock .
The data implicate mammalian TRAPPC6A in vesicle trafficking during melanosome biogenesis .
Thus , these data implicate additional , unknown methylproteins in mitochondrial gene regulation .
Their pathophysiological mechanisms are very heterogeneous and implicate environmental and genetic factors .
Among others , inflammatory response depends on redox status and may implicate oxidative stress .
These findings are similar to singleton pregnancies and may implicate similar pathogenic pathways .
