Drug resistance marker-aided genome shuffling to improve acetic acid tolerance in Saccharomyces cerevisiae .
BLVR allowed to improve the functional status and quality of life of these patients .
Pharmacogenetic research offers the potential to improve the safety and efficacy of drug prescribing .
Bosentan does not improve pulmonary hypertension and lung remodeling in heart failure .
Bioaugmentation and biostimulation strategies to improve the effectiveness of bioremediation processes .
Several studies suggest that physical activity may improve health-related quality of life .
Multi-sensory environment therapy helps improve behavioral and emotional symptoms in elderly patients with dementia .
Repetitive task-specific training appears to improve upper extremity function among individuals with neurological injuries .
These insights may be used to improve loading conditions for cartilage tissue engineering .
The robot system can lighten the load on doctors and improve the therapeutic effect .
New somatic treatments are needed to reverse these symptoms and improve function .
We aimed to improve compliance with these guidelines and assess outcomes .
Use of 90-day vaginal estrogen ring may improve bleeding profile in women starting dmpa .
With their use , residents can significantly improve performance in important surgical skills .
Can bisphosphonates improve outcomes in patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma ?
Does standardization of care through clinical guidelines improve outcomes and reduce medical liability ?
Efforts to preserve RRF in HD patients could improve outcomes and should be encouraged .
Do statins improve outcomes and delay the progression of non-rheumatic calcific aortic stenosis ?
Results improve with increasing vaccination coverage and higher vaccine efficacy .
In most patients , TD did not spontaneously improve after stopping aripiprazole .
These findings suggest that marmosets ' physical understanding may improve with experience .
It turns out to be difficult to significantly improve upon this simple model .
This article will focus on how to improve on IUGR detection .
Surgery is indicated for selected patient who do not improve after medical treatment .
Both irbesartan and atenolol improve diastolic function , but through different mechanisms .
They may not improve physical status with treatment , but appear to benefit psychologically .
Hemoperfusion may also improve survival after paraquat ingestion , but further data are needed .
Sirolimus was safe and may improve outcome in selected patients after liver transplantation .
Testosterone decreases angina and may improve the cardiac healing response after myocardial infarction .
Suggestions are offered on how to improve safety and enhance compliance .
