Emphasis is on the priority to inactivate the infectious micro-organisms in CSW .
Synthetic protocells interact with viral nanomachinery and inactivate pathogenic human virus .
Fresh Cistanche tubulosa was treated by microwave moisture processing to inactivate enzymes .
Nitrooxyacyl derivatives of salicylic acid : aspirin - like molecules that covalently inactivate cyclooxygenase-1 .
A peptidomics strategy to elucidate the proteolytic pathways that inactivate peptide hormones .
BRG1 mutations found in human cancer cell lines inactivate Rb - mediated cell-cycle arrest .
This transgene provides a powerful tool to inactivate genes of interest in these tissues .
This postsynaptic depolarization was large enough to inactivate action potentials in one cell .
Two haloenol lactones have been shown to inactivate alpha-chymotrypsin by an enzyme-mediated process .
Cooking for 19 min would fully inactivate Salmonella in 99.9 % of the cases .
This is because it can inactivate most beta-lactam antibiotic drugs by hydrolyzing them .
Our results indicated that sub-lethal colchicine can inactivate DPCs through releasing histone H4 .
This seems to invoke suppressor mechanisms and to directly inactivate TDH cells .
This compound can adsorb agents that are toxic to DNA and inactivate them .
Alkylhydrazines are catalytically oxidized but do not inactivate the enzyme .
Bisphosphonates inactivate osteoclasts and can be used to control the resorption .
Peptidases may rapidly inactivate Met-enkephalin after intracerebral injection and prevent the behavioral effect .
Norepinephrine and phenylephrine inactivate acetyl-CoA carboxylase activity and inhibit fatty acid synthesis .
8-Methoxypsoralen has been shown to both inactivate and induce microsomal enzymes .
The original goal was to inactivate and/or remove parvovirus from plasma-derived factor VIII .
None of the adducts appeared to inactivate or sequester EcoRI .
Borohydride and hydroxylamine inactivate in the presence of ubiquitin .
Why does ribonuclease irreversibly inactivate at high temperatures ?
It did not inactivate completely even during depolarizations lasting many seconds .
Difluoromethyl diaminopimelate 1 does not irreversibly inactivate or strongly competitively inhibit either enzyme .
In the presence of neuroactivators the receptors inactivate .
In fibers that inactivate normally , the dyes hasten the decay of sodium current .
As homozygotes , these fusions can inactivate the gene and lead to lethality .
