This seemed to increase illness-related strain and a need for defensive actions .
Disruption of yqhC offers a useful approach to increase furfural tolerance in bacteria .
Breast feeding does not appear to increase the risk of postpartum relapses .
Inappropriate use of emergency care services can increase hospital readmissions and related costs .
Simulated altitude did not increase incidence of ECS .
However , pharmacological PPARdelta activation did not increase T-cadherin expression .
The reduction of near addition does not increase dysphotopsia , particularly halos .
Advising patients to increase fluid intake for treating acute respiratory infections .
The forced CD151 expression could increase the number of microvessels in the ischemic myocardium .
Effect of different growth conditions on biomass increase in kefir grains .
Within the prevalent population , the percentage of elderly persons will not increase meaningfully .
Does preoperative clopidogrel increase bleeding after coronary bypass surgery ?
S100A9 was found to increase human neutrophil bactericidal activity toward Escherichia coli .
Efforts to artificially increase Cdc45 levels through ectopic expression block cell growth .
The ability to increase miR-137 expression by epigenetic drugs was tested using real-time RT-PCR .
Projected health care needs in veterans are expected to increase over the next decade .
Health insurance coverage tended to increase with age and schooling .
Apoptosis was shown to increase in a dose-dependent manner .
It is necessary to increase the educational measures and explain the importance of sleep .
Appropriately designed masks increase the magnitude of the optical transfer function and prevent nulls .
Adding omeprazole to clopidogrel reduced GI events and did not increase CV events .
High PTH levels increase bone turnover and decrease bone mineral density ( BMD ) .
They can increase the cerebral metabolic demands and lead to cardiopulmonary compromise .
Education of school staff will increase awareness and enhance communication among disciplines .
Carotid IMT did not increase .
The maximum annual copayment amount will also not increase .
This may actually increase rather than decrease health inequalities .
Both disorders increase with age and are associated with outer activity .
The mesenteric lymph nodes increase with the age until 6 years and then decrease .
Oil yield did not increase further with temperature , but secondary pyrolysis strengthened .
