These results indicate that aging and overweight impair comprehension of complex instructions .
The results indicate that vigorous late-night exercise does not disturb sleep quality .
Individuals often indicate that waning motivation prompts cessation of effective weight management behaviors .
Our findings indicate a relevant activity of natalizumab against cortical inflammation in RRMS .
Our results indicate the importance of both genetic vulnerability and life events .
Our findings indicate a strong relationship between sleep EEG activity and cortical maturation .
TSH - basal values greater than 4.0 mU/L indicate latent or manifest hypothyroidism .
Adulteration is common and this may indicate that the products are becoming locally endangered .
Mechanisms remain unknown , but data indicate that fibroblasts acquire an antiapoptotic phenotype .
Prospective studies are needed to indicate this possible effect of phenytoin on fistula healing .
Scores of five or more are considered to indicate SD .
High STAT5 levels mediate imatinib resistance and indicate disease progression in chronic myeloid leukemia .
Magnetic measurements indicate superparamagnetic response near room temperature for all PNCs .
Despite altered organelle localization , kinetic assays indicate only minor defects in intracellular trafficking .
In addition , the results indicate an age-related decline in conflict adaptation .
In addition , our findings indicate that cops6 plays an anti-apoptotic role during segmentation .
In addition , the data indicate that host genetics underlie the disease 's pathogenesis .
In summary , our results indicate that VH is effective and well tolerated .
This may either indicate common central mechanisms or suggest a causative interaction .
We then indicate additional similarities between them , and derive a quantitative link .
The irregular split lines indicate the buffering action and are classified into 3 kinds .
GPC3 mRNA is HCC - specific , and may indicate HCC metastasis .
Whether these murmurs are physiologic or indicate mild aortic stenosis is controversial .
ToM deficit means difficulty in social adjustment and thus may indicate a poorer prognosis .
Moreover , five other variants were not identified and indicate being new .
The results are encouraging and indicate that more extensive studies are warranted .
Biochemical findings confirmed dietary inadequacies among Navajo women and indicate needed nutritional improvement .
This is the first study to indicate ENaC expression during ontogeny in amphibians .
The alpha/beta-values indicate a significant fractionation effect only for the plateau irradiations .
EGb significantly improved parameters which indicate forebrain protein oxidative damage after IRI .
