Multiple studies have shown that phenytoin can promote wound healing and induce faster fibrosis .
Chemokines proved able to induce release of enzymes relevant in cartilage damage .
Forty female Wistar rats were submitted to ovariectomy ( OVX ) to induce osteopenia .
The interstitial C defects in ZnO clusters induce small magnetic moments .
These carbon radicals induce cross-linking of neighboring molecular chains .
Plasmacytoid DCs induce gutsy plasma cells .
Other NPs may induce allergic sensitization , i.e. allergic contact dermatitis to Pd .
Due to chronotropic and inotropic activity it may induce fetal tachycardia and/or extrasystolic beats .
How leaky gut and endotoxemia induce bacterial infection in cirrhosis and gastrointestinal hemorrhage ?
The HC and RDS work synergistically to induce lung injury in ELBW infants .
Kavalactones Yangonin and Methysticin induce apoptosis in human hepatocytes ( HepG2 ) in vitro .
We attempted to induce bone marrow mesenchymal stromal cells ( BMSC ) into RPC .
MPER-specific antibodies induce gp120 shedding and irreversibly neutralize HIV-1 .
Anticholinergic drugs often induce delirium in demented patients and therefore should be avoided .
They also induce muscle relaxation , control epileptic seizures , and can produce amnesia .
The metyloxantine easily crosses the blood-placenta barrier , and may induce intrauterine growth retardation .
Additionally , HIIT causes oxidative stress but did not induce a significant postexercise lymphocytopenia .
TSA was also shown to induce IKK dephosphorylation and to suppress NF-kappaB reporter activity .
In preeclampsia endogenous cardiotonic steroids induce vascular fibrosis and impair relaxation of umbilical arteries .
SWNTs can induce B-A transition for GC-DNA but AT-DNA resisted the transition .
Corticosteroids induce apoptosis in and suppress proliferation of airway epithelial cells in culture .
ATM activates cell-cycle checkpoints and can induce apoptosis in response to DNA DSBs .
Many HAAs are carcinogenic and induce tumors at multiple sites in rodents .
These have the disadvantages that they are expensive and/or induce radiation to the patient .
Dexamethasone can induce HUVECs to release EMPs in vitro .
Costimulatory blockade with monoclonal antibodies to induce alloanergy in donor lymphocytes .
Moreover , starvation can induce vegetative cells to differentiate into quiescent cysts .
Their capacity to induce and sustain diverse T-cell responses underpins protective immunity .
This mechanism is held responsible to induce and maintain chronic itch and pain conditions .
Thus , strategies to induce or inhibit angiogenesis are of considerable therapeutic interest .
