Babesia microti-like parasites have been reported to infect captive non-human primates ( NHPs ) .
rAAV-ASIL-5 was used to infect OVA-sensitized and -challenged rats .
Consequently , the Moap1 mutant was unable to infect the host plant .
KSHV can infect both T and B cells from primary tonsillar explant cultures .
Mycobacterium caprae is a pathogen that can infect animals and humans .
The gene was transferred adenovirally because adenoviruses can infect DC and macrophages in vivo .
( 2 ) VAE could infect GSCs and significantly inhibit their viability .
DENV can infect many cell types and cause diverse clinical and pathological effects .
Chlamydia trachomatis may infect the placenta and subsequently lead to preterm delivery .
Len17 / H5 demonstrated an attenuated phenotype in mice and did not infect chickens .
They can cause enteritis experimentally and infect villus enterocytes .
Wild-type beta and gamma corynebacteriophages are heteroimmune and infect lysogens of each other productively .
Virus-like particles can be used to infect cells with biological and non-biological cargoes .
Helicobacter pylori is thought to infect about half the world 's population .
Attempts to infect domestic mallard ducks via skin penetration by these cercariae were unsuccessful .
Adenovirus may infect stromal cells within the lamina propria .
This finding suggests that herpes virus may infect endometrial cells during pregnancy .
In addition , infected household members can infect others in the household .
Native parasitic plants may be used to infect and control invasive plants .
Here we investigated the capacity of capsid-modified adenoviruses to infect and replicate in MSCs .
This study reports an attempt to infect and to immortalize NK cells with HTLV-I .
Trematode parasites infect or die in snail hosts .
Oncolytic viruses infect , replicate in and kill cancer cells .
Two coxsackievirus B3 ( CVB3 ) variants infect and replicate in the heart .
It can infect a number of sites in the body and disseminate .
HBV could infect the ovum at different stage and replicate in it .
HBV can infect the ova at different stages of development and replicate in it .
MCMV does productively infect PYS2 and OTT F12 differentiated murine teratocarcinoma cell lines .
Plasmodia and other intraerythrocytic parasites reduce the deformability of the red cells they infect .
Certain viruses do not kill the cells they infect .
