Estimating the directed information to infer causal relationships in ensemble neural spike train recordings .
Utilizing twins concordance rates to infer the predisposition to myasthenia gravis .
Most statistical genetic packages use likelihood-based methods to infer haplotypes .
We infer that PPC does not follow a strict effector-specific organization .
We infer that these lysine residues impede functional protein-protein interactions .
Our data infer that SA is initially located in the chloroplasts .
A computational method to infer haplotypes from genotype data is therefore important .
A computational method to infer haplotypes from genotype data is therefore important .
Attempting to infer dynamic balance ability based on static balance ability should be avoided .
This enables us to infer future directional changes in the influenza A viral genome .
A model to infer the pathogenic significance of CDH1 germline missense variants .
Our findings lead us to conclude that clinicians inaccurately infer severity of patient pain .
We infer from our observations that all myelin-forming Schwann cells express P2 basic protein .
For the latencies found we can infer that they are related to polysynaptic pathways .
From this we infer that the CHS subfamilies arose from very recent gene duplications .
Inability to infer causation in the relationship between choice and perceived severity .
From the nonoverlapping electron density , we infer strongly ionic character of bonding .
Based on the species-to-species difference in CoNSs , we infer potential species divergence .
Sequences were used to infer co-receptor usage and to construct phylogenetic trees .
These coefficients are subsequently used to infer the concentrations and compare with known values .
It does not need to infer isoform structure or to estimate isoform expression .
Children 's use of a verbal-nonverbal consistency principle to infer truth and lying .
Combination treatment strategies can infer a survival benefit but prognosis remains poor .
Using this phylogenetic framework , we infer divergence dates and reconstruct ancestral geographic ranges .
Here , we propose an improved fast marching algorithm to infer on geodesic paths .
However , this is difficult to infer from the archaeological record .
More extended trials are needed to infer on prognostic value of lymphocytic beta2-adrenoreceptor density .
How to appropriately infer and report protein identifications has triggered a still ongoing debate .
We infer rather than perceive the moment we decided to act .
A top-down approach to infer and compare domain-domain interactions across eight model organisms .
