Ba109 induced smaller lesions and a mixed inflammatory infiltrate without necrosis or ulceration .
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMCs ) increase after acute myocardial infarction ( AMI ) and infiltrate to the infarct region .
Mice infected with Ba125 and Ba276 progressed rapidly and lesions displayed an infiltrate rich in parasitized macrophages and were necrotic and ulcerated .
These functional properties enable reactive cholangiocytes to establish intimate contacts and to mutually exchange a variety of paracrine signals with the different mesenchymal cell types populating the portal infiltrate .
A graft biopsy in patient 2 excluded acute graft rejection , but showed a focal inflammatory infiltrate , mostly granulocytes .
Histology showed epidermal spongiosis with subcorneal pustules and a dermal infiltrate with eosinophils and neutrophils .
Several skin biopsies showed a neutrophilic infiltrate throughout the fatty tissue lobules , without vasculitis and without any evidence of bacterial infection .
We developed experimental autoimmune orchitis ( EAO ) in rats by active immunization with spermatic antigens and adjuvants characterized by interstitial inflammatory cell infiltrate , apoptosis and sloughing of germ cells .
Biopsy specimens from paediatric ( <10 years , n=14 ; >12 years , n=15 ) and adult ( n=27 ) IgAN showed a significant infiltrate of CD68 ( + ) macrophages .
Pathological analysis of the tumor mass showed an infiltrate of immature cells which were positive for CD13 , CD33 , CD15 , CD11b , and CD64 , and negative for CD34 , CD117 , and HLA-DR .
Histologically , mycosis fungoids ( MF ) usually show a superficial perivascular or band-like lymphocytic infiltrate with epidermotropism .
There was an adjacent perivascular chronic inflammatory cell infiltrate with occasional eosinophils .
The histological findings confirmed that the lower amounts of inflammatory cells and fibroblasts infiltrate in SD208-C / GP group .
Over a short period of time , these symptoms become indolent , whereas inflammatory and immune cell infiltrate , including eosinophils , basophils , neutrophils , T lymphocytes , and monocytes , characterizes the late stages of the allergic response .
Histological examination of the liver revealed inflammatory infiltrate and fibrosis , and the hepatic copper concentration was 444.4 microg/g dry weight .
Understanding how pathogens exploit host receptor crosstalk mechanisms and infiltrate the host signalling network is essential for developing interventions to redirect the host response and achieve protective immunity .
Absence of PAF receptor alters cellular infiltrate but not rolling and adhesion of leukocytes in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis .
Despite the impaired cytotoxicity of peripheral NK cells in human SLE patients and mouse SLE models , we provide evidence that CD226 ( + ) NK cells infiltrate the kidneys of predisease MRL - lpr / lpr mice .
Low-grade gliomas ( LGGs ) frequently infiltrate highly functional or " eloquent " brain areas .
There is a deficiency of SOCS-1 and SOCS-3 mRNA expression in CD4 ( + ) T cells that infiltrate the CNS , reflecting a deficiency in regulation .
Isolation of immune cells that infiltrate the central nervous system ( CNS ) during infection , trauma , autoimmunity or neurodegeneration , is often required to define their phenotype and effector functions .
After skeletal muscle injury , neutrophils , monocytes , and macrophages infiltrate the damaged area ; this is followed by rapid proliferation of myoblasts derived from muscle stem cells ( also called satellite cells ) .
Neutrophilic dermatoses are inflammatory disorders where normal neutrophils infiltrate the skin without infection .
