Nerve repair did not influence overall patient satisfaction .
Does electrode placement influence quality of intraoperative monitoring in vestibular schwannoma surgery ?
However , some studies suggested that p53 may also influence response to antihormone treatments .
Cigarette dependence was found to significantly influence the success of attempts to quit .
Canadian oncologists were surveyed regarding characteristics that may influence error propagation .
Complete perioperative results describe important treatment ends that cannot influence primary outcomes .
To review the literature on how implant surface characteristics influence peri-implant disease .
Patient and physician attributes influence medical decisions as non-medical factors .
There is increasing awareness that childhood circumstances influence disease risk in adulthood .
Inflammation and coagulation constantly influence each other and are constantly in balance .
These results confirm that music can influence behaviour but is contrary to previous results .
The presence of radiation pneumonitis can influence tumor FLT uptake and needs special attention .
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha ( TNF-alpha ) induces MMPs and may influence anastomosis repair .
Seizures are common and may influence survival in patients with oligodendogliomas .
In particular , CHFR is frequently methylated in NSCLC and may influence outcome .
Matrix metalloproteinases 2 and 9 fail to influence drug-induced neuroapoptosis in developing rat brain .
Donor-pretreatment with ulinastatin may influence the liver graft during cold preservation .
Depression and functional status are known to influence dyspnea in patients with COPD .
Such an arrangement may influence cytoplasmic streaming and as such modulate cell extension .
SDB may influence children 's behavior , but with no relation to post-operative pain .
Entacapone did not influence haemodynamics or ECG at rest or during exercise .
These findings add to the growing evidence of mechanisms by which cytokines influence depression .
However , there still lacks evidences that JVR could influence cerebral circulation .
Limited information is available on the mechanisms by which methamphetamine may influence immune function .
Genetic and environmental influence on diabetic rat embryopathy .
Meteorological and pedological influence on the PCBs distribution in mountain soils .
Emotion 's influence on memory for spatial and temporal context .
Does living setting influence training adaptations in young girls ?
Many factors influence what and how we communicate with patients after stroke .
Does the transition to parenthood influence driving ?
