The availability of quality data to inform policy is essential to reduce maternal deaths .
The study highlights the need for a periodic surveillance to inform syndromic management protocols .
Pharmacokinetic studies will be needed to inform the development of such trials .
How pleiotropic genetics of the musculoskeletal system can inform genomics and phenomics of aging .
This information could inform the development of effective nutrition education programs .
These results will inform future recommendations on duration of isolation of individuals with ILI .
The best intervention to reduce anxiety is to inform the patient about the procedure .
These differences can help inform clinical practice with this under-researched population .
Federal law requires warning signs to inform consumers about health risks .
We should be aware of the possible complications and inform our patients .
Guidelines are used to inform clinical practice and improve the quality of health care .
Ophthalmologists should be aware of this possible complication and inform patients at risk .
This is positive if we want these professionals to inform society about the subject .
This model of caregiver support can inform public policy in providing assistance to caregivers .
These results will inform future item content development for UI .
Findings can inform public health policy and smoking cessation programmes for Pacific families .
Urgent strategic research into influenza to inform health policy and protect the public .
This information can inform health officials , and aid development of pharmacy-based syndromic surveillance .
They are increasingly being used to inform and support professional practice .
Specialist mental health professionals are needed to inform and lead public health reforms .
The aim is to inform and stimulate colleagues to report adverse effects of drugs .
These data should inform attempts to produce a second-generation , L2-based vaccine .
Widely diverse opinions can lead to conflicting outcomes in models they inform .
These findings may inform future efforts to improve EC provision for adolescents .
To inform or not to inform patients about students .
An important topic is whether or not to inform others about the NF1 diagnosis .
It is important to question and inform patients about CAM use during treatment .
Such knowledge is important for its potential to inform on sites of protein nitrosation .
We then discuss future directions to inform on the epigenomic architecture of AD .
The patient who failed to inform of his allergy developed laryngeal angioedema .
