In Drosophila melanogaster phagocytic , macrophage-like hemocytes recognize and ingest microbes .
Conversely , MDM used MR and CD11b / CD18 to ingest opsonized organisms .
Six common species of lake algae were found to ingest bacteria .
Immunolocalization and Western blotting also indicated that poultry red mites ingest host IgY .
There is also anecdotal evidence that they may ingest large amounts of caffeine .
Because salt taste is appetitive , humans ingest more salt than they need .
Across concentrations , females tended to ingest more mg/kg caffeine than males .
Animals need to ingest a full set of essential amino acids through their diet .
Thus , phytoseiids may ingest Bt toxins through several pathways .
Humans ingest substantial amounts of choline and lecithin as part of common foods .
Ambulatory patients frequently ingest liquids or smoke just before temperature measurement .
The method enables rats to rapidly ingest large morphine doses under standardized conditions .
The lymphoid cell captured SRBCs , but did not ingest them .
She was never thirsty and did not ingest sufficient fluid by choice .
Mir crew members performed the identical protocol but did not ingest medication .
Specialized eukaryotic cells can ingest large particles and sequester them within membrane-delimited phagosomes .
Earthworms ingest the bound toxins but are not affected by them .
Patients with UC ingest more protein and thereby sulfur amino acids than control subjects .
Opsonization was not required for the PMN to ingest and kill glass-adherent GBS .
They showed little acid phosphatase activity and did not ingest Fic-F .
Macrophages represent the first line of defence and ingest and kill conidia .
The nonphagocytic cattle parasite Tritrichomonas foetus did not ingest or kill N. gonorrhoeae .
Flies also ingest and excrete spores that still express a red fluorescent protein marker .
Opsonization by normal serum enabled bovine blood granulocytes to ingest and kill S. agalactiae .
During the last five sessions , subjects chose which drug to ingest .
The fluorescence microscopy imaging results showed that the astrocytes could ingest the QDs-Abeta .
Our results indicates that larvae can ingest faster than they digest .
However , carnivores often ingest hair and feathers during feeding or when grooming .
Humans , particularly children , frequently ingest these eggs by accident and become infected .
