Excessive nutrients addition was found to inhibit bioremediation .
Recently , bortezomib was shown to directly inhibit osteoclastogenesis .
Sorafenib is known to inhibit Raf .
Ginseng polysaccharides could inhibit residual malaria infection .
UL54-specific siRNA can inhibit HSV-II replication , while protecting host cells .
Bilirubin can inhibit the TLR4 expression of CBNC in a dose-dependent manner .
Erythromycin could inhibit the proliferation of SH-SY5Y cells in a concentration- and time-dependent manner .
The results showed that PCP and TCP may inhibit steroidogenesis by disrupting cAMP signaling .
Bisphosphonates ( BPs ) inhibit bone resorption by preventing osteoclast maturation and apoptosis induction .
Hu23C3 could also inhibit monocyte migration in response to osteopontin in vitro .
PAC-14028 could inhibit capsaicin - evoked calcium influx in keratinocytes at sub-micromolar concentrations .
Maraviroc is able to inhibit dual-R5 viruses in a dual/mixed HIV-1-infected patient .
Ectopic overexpression of miR-451 could significantly inhibit growth and induce apoptosis of A549 cells .
The surfactin can inhibit proliferation and induce apoptosis in cancer cells .
Chitosan derivatives inhibit cell proliferation and induce apoptosis in breast cancer cells .
L. jensenii produced less acidification and did not inhibit N. gonorrhoeae .
Haplotypes V and VII are stably expressed and inhibit HIV-1 replication .
These proteins are present in the cytoplasm of mammalian cells and inhibit retroviral replication .
As a result , bisphosphonates inhibit tumor-induced osteolysis and reduce skeletal morbidity .
In cultured murine melanoma cells , retinoids inhibit proliferation and induce differentiation .
E2 did not inhibit the elevation of TK and Act activities by TP injection .
wt region and could inhibit rosette formation by both FcRI and FcRII .
Glutamine generally increases 2-oxoglutarate uptake , but under certain conditions may inhibit uptake .
Radiation therapy appears to inhibit healing in both experimental animals and during clinical trials .
The principal effect of ulipristal acetate is to inhibit or delay ovulation .
Glutathione monoester appears to inhibit or reduce the development of plaque formation in mice .
Strikingly , chlamydial infection has been reported both to inhibit and to induce apoptosis .
Therefore , the identification of new antimicrobials that inhibit or destroy biofilms is needed .
They may inhibit or activate cellular function , such as cytotoxicity and cytokine production .
Alterations in stromal tissue components can inhibit or promote epithelial tumorigenesis .
