This was a reason for initiate a wide diagnostic process in our patient .
Hence , progesterone withdrawal may activate two distinct pathways to initiate endometrial repair .
Six1 regulates Grem1 expression in the metanephric mesenchyme to initiate branching morphogenesis .
In six accidents , contradictory toxicological findings led CAMI to initiate DNA profiling .
When to initiate antiretroviral therapy in HIV infected patients is a difficult clinical decision .
Glutathione depletion and overproduction both initiate degeneration of nigral dopaminergic neurons .
Eutherian mammals use diverse strategies to initiate X-chromosome inactivation during development .
Acyl-phosphates initiate membrane phospholipid synthesis in Gram-positive pathogens .
The isogenic lines were used to initiate tumors in NCr-nu/nu mice .
Microbes initiate immune responses through Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) .
Platelet polyphosphates potently initiate fibrin formation via the factor XII - driven intrinsic pathway .
All the plates , except the suprapygal , initiate ossification during the embryonic period .
Multiple MAP kinase pathways share components yet initiate distinct biological processes .
Studies in non-human primates demonstrate that testosterone by itself can maintain and initiate spermatogenesis .
VM-26 was found to both initiate hsp synthesis and to cause thermotolerance .
All practical methods participants were able to initiate and implement QI projects .
The ability of TLRs to initiate and propagate inflammation makes them attractive therapeutic targets .
Modern cells use enzymes to initiate and control all stages of cell cycle .
Neurons initiate but do not complete cell division , eventually entering apoptosis .
A transcriptome profile of genes that initiate and sustain systemic inflammation has been identified .
The results suggest that Enterobacteriaceae may initiate or colonize ulcers in CD .
Chemotherapy agents initiate tumour cell apoptosis and this is thought to involve oxidative stress .
BRD2 is one of BRD7-interacting proteins and its over-expression could initiate apoptosis .
Such cells initiate synthesis of type II collagen , and eventually type X collagen .
DBC did not initiate contracture in skinned myocytes and decreased their sensitivity to Ca2+ .
Under estrogen deficiency , blastocysts cannot initiate implantation and enter dormancy .
Most young men initiate sex at an early age and have multiple sex partners .
During prophase I , DSBs initiate normally in Btbd12 mutant animals .
Therefore , brain edema should initiate in the peripheral area of focal cerebral ischemia .
These diseases commonly initiate with fibrosis .
