This causes a decrease in blood flow that can injure nerves and other tissues .
Ethoxycoumarin was found , nevertheless , to injure cultured rat hepatocytes .
14 other medications have been reported to injure the oesophagus .
Excessive fatigue and restraint stress can injure the structure and function of endothelial cell .
Foldable wheelchairs injure patients ' fingers .
This procedure may injure the facial skin .
In this case , laser pulses may injure biological tissue due to energy accumulation .
PMN can injure target tissues by oxidative and nonoxidative mechanisms .
Cytopathic viruses injure cells by a number of different mechanisms .
Stx2 may injure podocytes and induce proteinuria .
These mediators injure endothelial cells and induce microcirculatory dysfunction .
Aortic cross-clamping during cardiac operations may injure the vessel wall and cause tissue lesions .
Phagocyte-derived reactive species are known to injure human tissues and to contribute to inflammation .
The puncture technique is simple and rapid and does not injure the experimental animal .
Surgeons often cannot see major vessels embedded in adipose tissue and inadvertently injure them .
Players were 20 times more likely to injure themselves during a game than practice .
If you injure your back on the job .
Lead nitrate was shown to injure hepatocytes through an increased lipid peroxidation .
In girls , diagnostic interventions may injure the developing breast and cause subsequent disfigurement .
There was an intent to injure in 11 % .
Snowblowers injure approximately 5000 people a year and can cause devastating hand injuries .
Intent to harm or injure ?
Pile-driving and other impulsive sound sources have the potential to injure or kill fishes .
Experimental and clinical studies would unravel the mechanism by which NSAIDs injure intestinal mucosa .
The mechanism by which freebase cocaine can injure the lung is not well defined .
Mechanisms and circumstances in which drugs injure hepatocytes are not clear .
