Interneurons usually innervate distinct domains of the surface of their target cell .
Our results demonstrate that PPG neurons innervate primarily brain regions involved in autonomic control .
The ophthalmic and maxillary branches of the trigeminal nerve innervate the pit membrane .
Monoaminergic projections are among the first supraspinal inputs to innervate spinal networks .
Conversely , skin afferents made to innervate muscle showed reduced levels of peptide staining .
Silencing normal input permits regenerating foreign afferents to innervate an identified crayfish sensory interneuron .
Embryonic substantia nigra grafts innervate embryonic striatal co-grafts in preference to mature host striatum .
Trigeminal motoneurons with disparate dendritic geometry innervate different muscle groups in the frog .
In addition , A5 neurons may innervate the ventrolateral reticular formation of the medulla .
These neurons innervate the central body neuropil and send processes into the central neuropil .
These subdivisions may innervate specific targets and may receive peptide-specific neuronal inputs .
They innervate the same muscle and control its contraction together .
The nerve fibres are varicose and innervate both the muscle and many blood vessels .
Single gustatory nerve fibers branch and innervate several taste buds .
Serotonergic neurons are located in the raphe nuclei and densely innervate the whole brain .
Within each zone , JONs innervate various combinations of subareas .
These neuron populations seemed to innervate different tissues with some target specificity .
Sympathetics innervate ocular structures via the posterior ciliary nerves .
These superficial nerves may innervate more than one F-SC .
We rigorously identified the motor neurons according to the muscles they innervate .
The SGC cells first innervate ipsilaterally the SP/IPS and then the Rt/PV .
This output is geared to the mechanical advantage of the muscles that they innervate .
Possible mechanisms by which regenerating axons may eventually innervate their correct targets are discussed .
Some efferent neurons whose axon innervate into each nerve root were strongly stained .
The renal sympathetic nerves innervate to the basement membranes of almost all nephron segments .
The former two innervate dorsally with the dorsal compartment of the myotome .
