They lacked details about the method-when to insert it , where it can be obtained , and its cost .
Misoprostol vaginal insert for successful labor induction : a randomized controlled trial .
To compare three doses of misoprostol vaginal insert for successful labor induction measured by the proportion of vaginal deliveries within 24 hours .
For example , when students are learning how to insert an intravenous catheter , failure to perform the technique correctly results in no blood return in the catheter .
DNA was isolated from 1000 purified phage populations and the region covering the 36 bp oligonucleotide insert from which the displayed peptides were translated , was sequenced .
Stress survival islet 1 ( SSI-1 ) survey in Listeria monocytogenes reveals an insert common to listeria innocua in sequence type 121 L. monocytogenes strains .
The insert was removed for onset of active labor or adverse event .
Misoprostol vaginal insert 200 was associated with an increased rate of tachysystole ( 41.2 % ) compared with MVI 100 ( 19.5 % ) ( P<.001 , RR 2.11 , 95 % CI 1.39-3.22 ) .
A prototype y-gradient insert has been built to demonstrate imaging and implementation characteristics of the superellipse gradient in a 3 T MRI system .
Emergency medical service ( EMS ) personnel are trained to insert intravenous ( IV ) lines at trauma scenes if the time for insertion does not prolong scene time .
Screening of a library of 3,840 clones revealed a 36 kb insert of a cellulase positive clone ( pAMHElO ) .
However , F48-like NDVs from China , identified a 6-nt insert in the NP gene , have been previously classified into genotype III or genotype IX .
The insert of hmgb1 gene contained in PMD18-T - HMGB1 vector was cut out with restriction enzymes of KpnI / XhoI and then ligated into eukaryotic expression vector pcDNA3.1 to form pcDNA3.1 - HMGB1 vector .
These single molecules or smaller aggregates may insert into the lysosomal membranes , further stabilizing them and decreasing the release of cathepsins from lysosomes , leading to the inhibition of tumor necrosis factor - induced apoptosis .
Both elements preferentially insert into gene-rich regions altering the maize genome by creating unstable insertion alleles , stable derivative or excision alleles , or by altering the spatial or temporal regulation of gene expression .
Within each farm ( n = 8 ) , cows ( n = 883 ; mean +/- SEM 166.24 +/- 3.27 d postpartum , yielding 36.8 +/- 0.34 kg of milk/d ) were randomly assigned to receive either : 1 ) an intravaginal progesterone insert ( CIDR ( R ) ) with 1.9 g of progesterone + GnRH on Day -10 , CIDR ( R ) withdrawal + PGF2alpha on Day -3 , and 1 mg estradiol cypionate on Day -2 ( treatment GP - P-E ; n ( TAI ) = 180 ; n ( TET ) = 260 ) ; or 2 ) a CIDR ( R ) insert + 2 mg estradiol benzoate on Day -10 , PGF2alpha on Day -3 , CIDR ( R ) withdrawal + 1 mg estradiol cypionate on Day -2 ( treatment EP-P-E ; n ( TAI ) = 174 ; n ( TET ) = 269 ) .
The coding sequence of PIDD4 contains intron 3 and a 60 bp insert at the 5 ' of exon 3 .
The labelled thickness of polyethylene inserts often refers to the combined thickness of the insert and its metal backing .
In general , the magnitude of dose errors incurred by ignoring the effect of the plaque backing and Silastic insert ( i.e. , by using the TG-43 approach ) increased with distance from the plaque 's central-axis .
Our results indicate that the TM-helices of CaBP7 and CaBP8 insert fully across membranes such that their extreme C-termini are luminal .
Subjects with persistent DME despite at least 1 macular laser treatment were randomized 1:2:2 to sham injection ( n = 185 ) , low-dose insert ( n = 375 ) , or high-dose insert ( n = 393 ) .
Furthermore , we show that by concerted transfer of a hydrogen from the alpha-carbon to the beta-carbon , a 1-alkene can insert its alpha-carbon into a surface Si-H bond to accomplish hydrosilylation .
Nascent membrane proteins typically insert in a sequential fashion into the membrane via a protein-conducting channel , the Sec translocon .
Some spine surgeons thus insert shorter C2 pedicle or pars/isthmus screws as alternatives to minimize the latter risks .
By combining 3D TRUS imaging system to a needle tracking linkage , this system should improve the physician 's ability to target and accurately guide a needle to selected targets without the need for the computer to directly manipulate and insert the needle .
An L-shaped retractor was used to create a working space and insert an endoscope .
Interviewed clinicians expressed interest in CPOE systems that check for contraindications and interactions between drugs , suggest cheaper products , and automatically insert active ingredients when omitted .
To synthesize the minimal and artificial HRE , and to insert it into the anterior extremity of CMV promoter of a AAV plasmid , and then to construct the AAV regulated by hypoxic-responsive element which was introduced into 293 cell by method of Ca3 ( PO4 ) 2 using three plasmids .
To insert the full-length NS1 gene of influenza A ( H1N1 ) into an eukaryotic expression vector PXJ40-HA , and to evaluate the expression of NS1 gene in transfected 293T cells .
We exploited this endogenous activity to generate chromosomal deletions and to insert an epitope into a chromosomal coding sequence .
