When huntingtin dimerizes inside the cells , Venus becomes functionally reconstituted and emits fluorescence .
Large organs and structures inside the image volume were individually segmented and modeled .
The generation occurs inside a high-finesse cavity at molecular gas pressures of =~0.1 atm .
A new , safer , controllable field-of-view endoscope avoiding movement inside body cavities .
Imaging fluorescently tagged Phytophthora effector proteins inside infected plant tissue .
In vitro assays : Tracking nanoparticles inside cells .
Pt was detected from air samples inside BSC in hospital B .
The CAVF was closed directly from inside the dilated coronary sinus under cardiopulmonary bypass .
Repeated ultrasound studies may help us understand what 's going on inside the nerve .
Biomolecular conjugation inside synthetic polymer nanopores via glycoprotein - lectin interactions .
Dynamic calcium movement inside cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum during release .
An inside look at hippocampal silent cells .
Intra-articular pressure of the hip joint outside and inside the limbus .
We also found new blood vessels surrounding and inside the implant .
Inhibition of anthrax protective antigen outside and inside the cell .
Molecular motion inside an adsorbed [5:1 ] fullerene hexaadduct observed by ultrafast cyclic voltammetry .
Retroperitoneal liposarcoma with lamellar bone inside .
These defect states inside the SiN ( x ) films disappeared after H2 annealing .
The DNA is inside the particles and is attached to the thylakoid membranes .
Cytotoxic T-cells were seen intraepithelially , and neutrophiles inside the acini .
EHFV duplicates inside the animal bodies and be excreted to cause pollution of environment .
Borderline histories : psychoanalysis inside and out .
The experiment was flown in different locations inside BIORACK on the D1 mission .
Mycobacterium tuberculosis virulence : lipids inside and out .
Bioethical differences between drug addiction treatment professionals inside and outside the Russian Federation .
Nodular lesions inside of the vagina .
The protein secretion systems in Listeria : inside out bacterial virulence .
