Structural and functional reverse remodeling associated with LVADs continues to inspire innovative research .
Gender : missing the prizes that can inspire a career .
We believe these novel aromatic nitrogen mustards will inspire further and effective applications .
Personal stories of HIV will inspire dance composition .
Midwifery today : past challenges and achievements inspire present practice .
The immediate results of posterior keratoplasty inspire optimism .
We conclude that good actions do not necessarily inspire good actions in others .
We outline how this can inspire research on psychotherapy .
Our insights inspire future research on feature extraction of multidimensional discrete sources .
Nurses are challenged to inspire the family 's hope and decrease their anxiety .
Our findings are tentative but may inspire future research .
This enigmatic phenomenon lacks obvious biological significance but may inspire bionic applications .
These results will inspire further efforts to explore the fundamentals and applications of HADCNTs .
How can we inspire residents to become surgical oncologists ?
This underlying feature of the model might inspire further experiments to test this hypothesis .
The findings provide direction for developing strategies to inspire hope in the critically ill .
Healthcare professionals set to inspire quitters for 30th milestone No Smoking Day .
Trainers try to inspire self esteem and pride in work .
How to inspire and involve future medical doctors in CF care ?
RN ladder programs are designed to inspire and reward clinical excellence .
Knowledge that is gained through practice is shared to inspire and sustain needed changes .
Finally , insights from comparative research can inspire and guide technological development .
Personal interviews add spice to publications--a well-written interview can inspire as well as inform .
Finally , insights from comparative research can inspire and guide technological development .
Working to evaluate and inspire through accreditation .
