Mouse neutrophils are professional antigen-presenting cells programmed to instruct Th1 and Th17 T-cell differentiation .
BFRP also conducts seminars and lectures to instruct this group .
Chair-side assistants were trained to motivate and instruct patients in oral hygiene methods .
Mesenchymal stem cells instruct oligodendrogenic fate decision on adult neural stem cells .
Microglia instruct subventricular zone neurogenesis .
It is important that general practitioners and health nurses instruct parents about these possibilities .
A training program was created to instruct school nurses on how to perform electrocardiograms .
The cytokine CNTF is thought to instruct multipotent cells to an astrocytic fate .
Thus retinoic acid appears to instruct incisor morphology in the mouse embryonic mandible .
Laboratory technologists instruct the trainees to gain the basic skills .
Bioactive nanofibers instruct cells to proliferate and differentiate during enamel regeneration .
[How keratinocytes instruct melanocytes to deliver the pigment ] .
Glia instruct developmental neuronal remodeling through TGF-beta signaling .
Axonal neuregulins instruct glial cells on when and how much myelin they should produce .
It is necessary for the diabetes educator to instruct the patient regarding infection-control practices .
Cortical interneurons become activated by deafferentation and instruct the apoptosis of pyramidal neurons .
One investigator made weekly visits to instruct and monitor participants .
The institution 's researchers were equally enthusiastic to instruct and serve as mentors .
Informedia will instruct and entertain waiting patients ; could prove profitable investment for you .
Whether and how inflamed tissues instruct DCs to emigrate is not fully understood .
They instruct , guide , and support the alcoholic back to a normal life .
Such a micromilieu could instruct as well as require local adaptions of microglial features .
Furthermore , these devices can instruct and remind individuals about safety-related issues .
Preceptors guide and instruct the interns at each of four clinical rotation sites .
They sense microbial motifs and instruct T cells toward pro-inflammatory and tissue-destructive effector functions .
