Many bacterial pathogens interfere with cellular functions including phagocytosis and barrier integrity .
This may interfere with an empathic approach in the clinical setting .
However , DMP1 did not interfere with basic fibroblast growth factor - induced angiogenesis .
Arabic populations experience sleep problems that interfere with their vitality and quality of life .
Rhinitis symptoms seemed to interfere less with daily activities ( p<0.01 ) .
Gene-transfer can positively interfere with T cell functions after HCT .
HO can interfere with prosthetic use and walking and delay patient rehabilitation .
Drapes can slip , and stray hairs can interfere with delicate dissection and suturing .
Several factors may interfere with this process and ultimately influence islet engraftment .
Peripheral T cells re-enter the thymus and interfere with central tolerance induction .
The Oscar 2 ABPM device is straightforward to use but can interfere with sleep .
These problems could be controlled and did not interfere with the subsequent plasty .
This bias could interfere in subsequent analyses that include the deprivation index .
Accompanying substances do not interfere .
The absorbing solution composition was optimized so that CO2 does not interfere .
Inhibition of calpain is one mechanism by which Pb2+ may interfere with neuronal development .
The manner in which this could interfere with corneal strength is discussed .
There are two ways in which heparin can interfere with results .
Thus stress , particularly , zinc may interfere monitoring of Pseudomonas by PCR .
Neither did it interfere with processing of endocytosed procathepsin D .
Due to their high intracellular uptake , macrolides may interfere with phagocytes antibacterial system .
The recent applications of anti-angiogenic agents which interfere or block HCC progression are reviewed .
Relatively few ions interfere , and these can be masked with EDTA and fluoride .
Our patient has three different diseases but their etiology and pathogenesis can interfere .
These cues may reinforce or interfere with each other depending on their relative orientation .
In none of these patients did the F-18 FDG uptake interfere with image interpretation .
[Constructions of Gcn5 shRNAs interfere the histone acetylation modification with stem cell differentiation ] .
Chronically arsenic exposure can interfere the levels of serumal hormones .
Bcl-2 and HER-2 ASODN can effectively interfere the expression of HER-2 and Bcl-2 genes .
Other two region peptides in the prosegment did not interfere the binding .
