CD44 can bind and internalize hyaluronic acid ( HA ) , which acts proinflammatory .
Conjunctival epithelial cells stained for CFTR but did not bind or internalize PA .
The capacity of LC to internalize langerin and dextran was assessed .
Dictyostelium discoideum cells continuously internalize extracellular material , which accumulates in well-characterized endocytic vacuoles .
Immunofluorescence microscopy on permeabilized cells showed that monocytes induce T cells to internalize T3 .
LPS blasts , however , did not internalize IL 2 .
Lysosomes are able to internalize cellular proteins in a variety of ways .
Immature dendritic cells may acquire and internalize HIV and other pathogens by this process .
The ability to internalize macromolecules by endocytosis is a property of all eukaryotic cells .
TAT - PLHSpT was shown to internalize into the nucleus .
In contrast , rGel alone was not able to internalize into these leukemic lymphocytes .
Control cells were able to internalize over 80 % of receptor-bound 125I-EGF .
50 % of heated cells internalize membrane at 0.14 mM tetracaine .
Psychiatric nurses can internalize these themes in their practice to improve client outcomes .
Both A-9 and CHO cells internalize vasopressin in a manner consistent with receptor-mediated endocytosis .
Chick embryo myotubes contain transferrin receptors and internalize and recycle transferrin .
Cells use multiple pathways to internalize and recycle cell surface components .
The EGF - RTA - resistant mutants are able to internalize and degrade EGF .
Many G protein-coupled receptors internalize following agonist binding .
SMCs internalize these nanobots without compromising cell viability or growth kinetics .
We show that all the Fl-pVEC analogues internalize in live Bowes melanoma cells .
Hepatocytes incubated at 4 degrees C bound , but did not internalize , EGF .
Normal human peritoneal macrophages are unable to cap and internalize class II antigens .
Also , its monovalent isoforms bound efficiently , but did not internalize the receptor .
Primary mouse microglia can internalize fAbeta , but they do not degrade it efficiently .
Platelets internalize oxidized phospholipids and promote foam cell formation .
Platelets internalize oxidized phospholipids and promote foam cell formation .
Furthermore , the PM receptors constitutively internalize and localize intracellularly on CK .
Vascular endothelial cells also internalize and degrade oxLDL though the OLR1 receptor .
Complete and truncated receptors internalize , recycle , and down-regulate normally .
