Consequently , RGs were able to correctly interpret 79.3 % of COD cases .
Mathematical models were used to interpret experimental findings .
How to interpret nutrition drink test .
We interpret this as evidence of past or recent serotype switching .
This study found no consensus in how experts on child abuse interpret reasonable suspicion .
We interpret this difference as evidence for greater escape motivation in the wild-caught birds .
There is often uncertainty in how to interpret the available scientific data .
Bioindicators have been consistently used to interpret effects of contaminants in the environment .
Hence , it appears justified to interpret them as ischaemic intestinal stricture .
The generic/nongeneric distinction influences how children interpret new information about social others .
How can institutional review boards best interpret preclinical data ?
To examine how experts on child abuse interpret reasonable suspicion using 2 probability frameworks .
Describe and interpret the process of help-seeking among human service professionals with burnout .
The pediatrician may also coordinate and interpret the results of specific surveillance studies .
The hermeneutic circle of understanding offers a way to interpret stories and discover meaning .
Tiling array data is hard to interpret due to noise .
FNAC of SDC is difficult to interpret because of overlapping cytomorphologic features .
Their results are difficult to interpret for those reasons .
Subjects were able to interpret and respond to the biofeedback successfully .
This method is simple to carryout but long to interpret .
Results were often difficult to interpret and reproduce .
[An attempt to interpret referred pain from one tooth to another ] .
We interpret this peak to represent dimers of the lower molecular weight species .
We interpret this peak to represent oligomers of the TeBG subunits .
The solitary waves in the model bifurcate and we interpret such events as speciation .
How and when clinicians interpret defenses , however , has received little empirical examination .
The biologist and the modeler collaboratively interpret the results and devise improved concept maps .
We interpret the significance of these results and pose questions that remain unanswered .
