we were only able to analyze 77 out of 130 prescriptions for nutritional supplements since we could not adequately interview the remaining patients , mainly due to neurological impairments .
We will interview a random sample totaling 3000 adults residing in geographic areas covered by four distinct models of primary care of the Brazilian national health system or , alternatively , by one nationally prominent complementary health care service , as well as the physicians and nurses of the health teams of these services .
For both assessments , the rater could also interview a caregiver if necessary .
There is a growing need for automated systems that can interview patients and consumers about their health and provide health education and behavior change interventions using natural language dialog .
Prior to attending a team conference , the pharmacist should interview the patient and review the chart .
We will monitor treatment fidelity and we will interview a sample of paid and family carers , service users , staff and managers about what they think of the treatment and how best we can deliver it in routine care .
A good understanding of the possible pathogenic factors contributing to the development of UTI and its recurrence will help the general practitioner to interview the patient , search for causes that would otherwise remain undiscovered , and to identify the correct therapeutic strategy .
The director should interview all employees of the department and work as a staff pharmacist for one to two days in each area .
They interview infected persons and contact the sex partners of these persons to notify them and convince them of the need to seek evaluation and treatment ( known as " provider referral " ) .
First-year medical students at UCLA are introduced to the special health problems of the elderly by a process in which they interview symptomatic volunteers at both extended care and ambulatory care facilities .
In response to the current emphasis on health maintenance and disease prevention , the authors developed a comprehensive education program in which sophomore medical students interview a standardized patient about breast problems and risk factors , receive one-on-one instruction from the standardized patient during the clinical breast examination , and practice recommendations for screening and instruction in breast self-examination .
Some residency applicants believe that the date on which they interview with a residency program influences how the program ranks them in the National Residency Matching Program ( NRMP ) .
To describe the dynamics of the Chinese people who will be encountered in a study in which an advanced psychiatric nurse will interview her colleagues to explore their experiences using interpretative phenomenological analysis .
Students are assigned to a patient whom they interview and examine under supervision by a faculty physician and clinic nurse .
This method proved to be an efficient process by which to interview candidates and to determine suitability .
