The naturally occurring temperature gradient within the cushion appeared to interrupt ice propagation thermally .
Intensive and targeted efforts delivered locally are required to interrupt further transmission .
Thus , it has great appeal as a tool to interrupt antibody-mediated autoimmune disease .
Uncontrolled ERAD activity might prematurely interrupt ongoing folding programs .
Emergent vaccination of MV could interrupt the transmission of the disease .
Therefore , identification of secondary cases and their prompt treatment may interrupt further transmission .
No patient had to interrupt the treatment as a consequence of side effects .
Integrative plasmids were constructed to interrupt transcription through this region .
There is no need to interrupt the pregnancies except for obstetric reasons .
Most women interrupt their work activities during the treatment of cancer .
Rods can also interrupt vesicular transport by occluding the neurite within which they form .
Thus , both drugs interrupt reentrant flutter mainly by reducing excitability .
These neutral lipids can disorder membranes and interrupt mitochondrial function .
To interrupt tuberculosis transmission and evaluate the utility of spot sputum screening .
Large deposits , primarily extracellular , displaced but did not interrupt the stromal lamellae .
Nasoenteral tube obstruction may interrupt nutritional support and prohibit drug administration .
Discontinuation of antipsychotic treatment for schizophrenia can interrupt improvement and exacerbate the illness .
Highway work zones interrupt regular traffic flows and create safety problems .
Renoprotection is a strategy that aims to interrupt or reverse this process .
The deflation reflex functions to interrupt or terminate the act of defecation .
There was no need to interrupt or to change HCV treatment .
Similarly , brief swim stimulation could interrupt and reset an ongoing fictive rostral scratch .
Physical interventions to interrupt or reduce the spread of respiratory viruses : systematic review .
Physical interventions to interrupt or reduce the spread of respiratory viruses .
Adverse events were predominantly nonserious and did not interrupt patient continuation in the study .
Adverse events were predominantly nonserious and did not interrupt patient continuation in the study .
