A minimal implementation of the AMBER-GAUSSIAN interface for ab initio QM/MM-MD simulation .
Older people are a growing sub-group in global populations who regularly interface with nurses .
A symbiotic brain-machine interface through value-based decision making .
Biomimetic smart interface materials for biological applications .
Neural mechanisms of brain-computer interface control .
Critical issues in state-of-the-art brain-computer interface signal processing .
Microscopic structure and dynamics of air/water interface by computer simulations--comparison with sum-frequency generation experiments .
Metabolic engineering of the plant primary-secondary metabolism interface .
New insights into the substrate-plasma polymer interface .
The finance/marketing interface in hospitals .
Bone-metal interface in osseointegration .
A sketch-based interface for clothing virtual characters .
Numerical considerations for interface reflections in medical ultrasound .
CERV ORFs 1-5 interface each other with the sequence ATGA .
Psychiatric interface with neurology : conflicts and cooperation .
Chemical functionalization of the silica nanoparticles permits to interface the polymers and the silica .
Solid-solid interface adsorption of proteins and enzymes in nanophase-separated amphiphilic conetworks .
Air-ground interface effect on gamma-ray submersion dose .
Hospital/physician interface capabilities in the medical community .
Easy ambient sonic-spray ionization-membrane interface mass spectrometry for direct analysis of solution constituents .
Geometry-controlled interface localization-delocalization transition in block copolymers .
Both specific and non-specific responses interface with and are regulated by the neural system .
4 window interface with the look and feel of its SRS v .
Biomaterials and interface with bone .
Our detectors are fully scalable and interface directly with waveguide-based optical platforms .
Improvement of solid phase microextraction fiber assembly and interface for liquid chromatography .
