Herein , we introduce a versatile strategy for preparing foldable linear polymer chains .
Herein , we introduce the characters of HCV replication .
Some introduce a spacer arm onto the support surface to improve the enzyme mobility .
It is very important to identify them to introduce a specific treatment .
To introduce a new modification for silicone optical core Keratoprosthesis .
This modification was expected to introduce nitrogen groups .
This improvement can easily introduce ABO compatible transfusion at critical situation .
Approaches to correct for spills can introduce bias in the calculation of TBW .
In this review , we introduce our recent studies and other important works .
This study presents some dosimetric evaluations to introduce this applicator to the clinical use .
We present a method to introduce a linear phase into an interference pattern .
Halogenases catalyze reactions that introduce halogen atoms into electron-rich organic molecules .
We introduce the anomalous chemotactic sensitivity and find an anomalous aggregation phenomenon .
We also introduce a Web app to demonstrate the system design and workflow .
We introduce the TBL method and summarize experience to date in health sciences education .
To introduce the overview of acupuncture and moxibustion application in Kuwait .
It is necessary to introduce follow-up and enforce adherence to developed treatment guideline .
Changes in the plan can either sustain institutional values or introduce new priorities .
Here we introduce SeqMaT , a Sequence Manipulation Tool .
We introduce a third method that enables a more comprehensive investigation .
We introduce a metal etch mask which minimises these problems .
Along with other limitations , these methods introduce redundant information and require additional overhead .
In this paper , we introduce the new system and discuss clinical applicabilities .
It is often overlooked , but it can introduce considerable bias to image measurements .
They substantially expand the genomic space and introduce structural variation to the genome .
Chemistry for DUMMIES : how to popularize and introduce chemistry to the general public .
OBP may unwind partially and introduce a hairpin into the double-stranded origin of replication .
We will introduce such current international activities and consideration points for regulatory risk assessment .
Scientists are also seeking exogenous traits to introduce into cereals to enhance resistance .
We introduce SeqAlto as a new algorithm for read alignment .
