To invade non-phagocytic cells , Salmonella has developed different mechanisms .
This disease is primarily caused by dermatophytes that invade the hair shaft .
Despite an active SPI-1 T3SS , filamentous Salmonella are unable to invade epithelial cells .
Several agents including bacteria , viruses , fungi and protozoa can invade the CNS .
A conspiracy of glioma and endothelial cells to invade the normal brain .
This parasite can invade a wide variety of mammalian cells .
Concomitantly , mature uninjured cardiomyocytes become proliferative and invade the lesion .
Shigella applies molecular mimicry to subvert vinculin and invade host cells .
Less frequently , it originates in soft tissue and may secondarily invade underlying bone .
After oral uptake , yersiniae invade Peyer 's patches of the distal ileum .
Current evidence indicates that H. pylori can invade epithelial cells in the gastric mucosa .
Most fungi invade these normally non-phagocytic host cells by inducing their own uptake .
Lymphocytes may also invade various other organs and cause diverse symptoms .
The fungus may invade ocular structures , sinuses , and extend into the brain .
Macrophages invade the iris epithelium and phagocytize melanosomes discharged from the pigmented cells .
Malignant tumours cause sickness and death largely because they invade and metastasize .
It is histologically benign but may invade locally and recur after excision .
It may be indolent or progress slowly , or invade rapidly .
The cords appeared to invade adjacent cells within the plane of the monolayer .
PNKT-4B cells failed to invade tadpole tissues at 7 degrees C .
By E23 axons invade the ventral optic stalk in both strains .
The tumor did not appear to invade to the anterior skull base .
When and how to invade for the diagnosis and staging of primary lung cancer .
From these columns emanate cytotrophoblasts that invade deeply into the uterus and its arterioles .
Placental trophoblasts ( TBs ) invade and remodel uterine vessels with an arterial bias .
Sometimes infectious agents invade and become established in new geographic regions .
It also can invade and replicate within various protozoan species in environmental reservoirs .
Despite a benign histologic appearance , some thymomas invade nearby structures or metastasize .
In advanced tumors , cells invade the surrounding tissue and eventually form metastases .
UPEC may invade the kidneys via the systemic circulation or by local retrograde infection .
