The muscular dystrophies : distinct pathogenic mechanisms invite novel therapeutic approaches .
We cordially invite all of you to join the registration procedure .
We invite further discussion .
Index cases were asked to invite relatives resident in Oxfordshire for testing .
Therefore , to exclude either from the equation is to invite error .
A field for further anatomical study thus seemed to invite exploration .
CNVs with a weak amplitude would rather invite one to prescribe antidepressant drugs .
We invite all voluntary hospitals to include their encephalitic patients in our study .
Recruitment difficulties arise when clinicians do not invite patients to participate in trials .
We invite comment on the approach .
These appearances invite confusion with other renal neoplasms .
Different types of advance directives invite varying interpretation from emergency care professionals .
Metaphors in language appear to instantiate frame-consistent knowledge structures and invite structurally consistent inferences .
These anesthetic agents did not damage tissue defenses or invite infection in experimental animals .
The results of this new surgical procedure are encouraging and invite further trials .
To do otherwise is to invite distrust and distress in the client .
Do n't just invite us to the table : authentic community engagement .
The ICF , therefore , appears to invite explanations of AL as behaviours .
We invite researchers to use and explore the instrument in multiple settings .
Explore why health professionals invite or not invite Family Witnessed Resuscitation .
These are important issues , and I invite academic debate .
In conclusion , we invite psychiatrists to play a more active role in rehabilitation .
They invite to the discussion on topics that they consider polemic .
Pancreatic malignancies do not necessarily invite to a fatalistic attitude .
Uniforms both invite condescension and encourage domination .
We invite and encourage readers of this review to repeat/duplicate our experiments .
