It is possible to isolate mutants that grow and replicate outside prey bacteria .
Corynebacterium ammoniagenes N424 was metabolically modified to isolate overproducers of deoxycytidine .
CHROMagar O26 / O157 agar plates were used to select and isolate EHEC .
Explant culture : an efficient method to isolate adipose-derived stromal cells for tissue engineering .
The first step in RNA-Seq is to isolate whole transcriptome from total RNA .
To isolate IL-6R antagonists from the cultured broth of the strain Torulomyces ovatus .
To isolate and characterize the IgE-binding proteins of PP pollen for the first time .
We used soft agar to isolate and purify phototrophic bacteria .
This chapter describes methods to isolate and identify these growth promoting agents .
To isolate and manipulate brain rhythms associated with cortical excitability .
To isolate the constituents of Senecio scandens and determine their structures .
To isolate novel actinomycetes and to evaluate their antibacterial activity .
A yeast-based assay to isolate drugs active against mammalian prions .
Coupling reverse osmosis with electrodialysis to isolate natural organic matter from fresh waters .
Treatments that electrically isolate portions of the atria are clinically effective in curing AF .
A straightforward approach to isolate DNA sequences with potential linkage to the retinoblastoma locus .
Sonography may , thus , isolate patients at high risk for possible future complications .
In both cases , blood cultures isolate a Streptobacillus moniliformis .
Firstly , reversed-phase HPLC-ESI-MS was applied to identify and isolate at semipreparative levels haemanthamine .
This is where its contribution is most difficult to isolate in the duplex retina .
A method was developed to isolate from the peritoneal exudate large numbers of macrophages .
We attempted to isolate stem cells from hAMCs and differentiate them into cardiomyocytes .
To isolate exosomes from rabbit aqueous humor and to investigate their immunosuppression function .
Glial cells surround neuronal endings and isolate them within specialized compartments .
Biofilm formation and adherence characteristics of an Elizabethkingia meningoseptica isolate from Oreochromis mossambicus .
Resurrection of an " extinct " SARS-CoV isolate GD03 from late 2003 .
Conidiation of Trichoderma atroviride isolate during submerged cultivation in a laboratory stirred-tank fermenter .
Draping technique to isolate lashes and achieve maximum exposure .
We did not isolate viruses or detect DNA from vertebrate hosts or Bartonella .
Molecular biology data and immunoprofiles isolate lobular phenotypes and link them to invasive cancer .
