Can bacteria actively search to join groups ?
Prevention : could flu vaccine join the secondary prevention armamentarium for ACS ?
In this study we propose an anatomy-informed model that may join these views .
Since 2002 we attempted contact with 195 sites to join the BCI .
Upper urinary tract pacemaker cells join the GLI club .
Merseyside GP and GPD join forces .
Stakeholders join forces in attempt to improve safety , reduce health care costs .
A new laser and a computer join forces against myopia .
Religion , medicine join hands at Oral Roberts ' City of Faith .
Most were willing to join a support group and some changed attitudes toward disclosure .
After adsorption , join this adsorption tube to the sampling bottle under reduced pressure .
Doctors , dairymen join in effort to clip the talons of the FTC .
All lymphatics join within the mediastinum .
Purified autolysis products spontaneously join in a non-enzymic reaction .
Private , public sector join in anti-fraud attack .
Longitudinal MR imaging in Alzheimer disease : a study anyone can join .
If you organize , they will join .
Who are today 's bariatric surgeons and which ones join the ASBS ?
Why we now have physicians who seek to join RPhs in making pharmacy rounds .
Sharing arrangement : department heads asked to join in .
Most hospitals slow to join with group practices .
Players bet money and join a game .
Basal efferent cell axons are thick and join the basal bundle leaving the cerebellum .
Trabeculae of leptomeninges compartmentalize the subarachnoid space and join the pia to arachnoid mater .
To do this , some join the clusters , but others form independent bundles .
Multiple causes can join forces and trigger the development of this syndrome .
These fibres join the vomeronasal nerve branches and proceed distally towards the nasal cavity .
Supramolecular polymers consist of bifunctional monomers that join and break reversibly .
These lesions join and perforate the auricular cartilaginous tissue .
If we can n't lick them , let 's join and lead them .
