Facial expression is widely used to judge pain in neonates .
A p value of .05 was used to judge statistical significance .
Pharmacists in Arkansas to judge individuals ' need for pseudoephedrine .
Can observers judge future circular path relative to a target from retinal flow ?
How can we judge a ' safe ' dentist ?
US judge dismisses 50m dollars damages in Vioxx lawsuit .
How to judge a book by its cover ?
About chimioprophylaxy , the physicians have to judge any single case as a whole .
Scholarly vanity press : why you should judge the book by its cover .
Participants were asked to watch the videotape and judge the confederate 's impressions .
Sixteen subjects had to listen to acoustically presented sentences and judge their syntactic correctness .
Arise and judge the earth .
[Parameters to judge the stability of wrist after the four-corner arthrodesis ] .
Our job is to care for patients , not judge them .
It is essential for a nurse to judge the effectiveness of her instruction .
Be careful to judge .
Young children 's use of relative distance to judge nearbyness .
Do we have enough evidence to judge midwife led maternity units safe ?
These data allow to judge about its motor-evacuatory functions .
Humana to ask judge to overturn award .
However , there is no prognostic tool to judge on cystic RCC preoperatively .
There is no morally neutral position from which to judge conscientious refusals in abortion .
We suggest a question-based framework by which to judge the ethical acceptability of nudges .
These are important baseline data against which to judge the impact of mammographic screening .
The brain must judge a source event of these sensory informations and integrate them .
All projects are presented in poster format , and evaluation teams judge each poster .
These affect how interactants judge each other and decisions are made .
For acupuncturist , it is important to judge and control Deqi in clinical practice .
Furthermore the result is used to judge and improve the obtained original fitting model .
