Equipoise of outcome is sufficient to justify the laparoscopic approach for colorectal cancers .
Women aged >=18 years with symptomatic fibroids who were considered to justify surgical treatment .
The time has come to further investigate and justify this management .
These findings justify further clinical trials concerning thyrosine kinase inhibitors as future PAH therapies .
The new QTLs reported justify new candidate gene studies .
Favorable neurological outcomes following microsurgical resection justify an aggressive surgical attitude toward these lesions .
Presently available information and the important health challenge justify enhanced research in the field .
Current shortage of nurses and turnover justify more research efforts on job satisfaction .
These associations justify continued investigation in other large clinical trials of brainstem glioma patients .
Anyway other studies are necessary to justify a similar assertion in women with PCOS .
Evidence is needed to justify this change in treatment approach .
These results appear to justify endovascular repair for this patient population .
The difficulty lies in our failure to define and justify a criterion for optimality .
Dermatologic conditions are common in the newborns and may justify dermatologic examination .
Describe and justify the regression model used .
Our results justify attempts to reconstruct the ileocaecal valve .
The variety of DCI definitions did not justify pooling the DCI data .
Can we justify living donor islet transplantation ?
Higher sensitivities for three-dimensional displays may justify the additional computation and review time .
Evidence to justify estrogen use for coronary vascular disease and depression does not exist .
They do not justify prophylactic surgery , but surveillance is required .
In addition , they justify the effort to install and maintain such a system .
The techniques are costly and justify efforts to improve selection of high risk patients .
However , there are very few clinical data to justify or refute these claims .
Moreover , it discursively constructs realities that justify and sustain medial dominance .
We conclude that MAR is difficult to justify in practical applications .
A prospective randomized multicenter study to justify EVPAR in the emergent setting is warranted .
TEM is a sensitive tool used to justify on the microstructure and surface morphology .
