[Save or kill - the ambivalence of neurotrophin receptors ] .
Each had explicitly threatened to kill a person other than themselves .
Stalkers can inflict severe injury upon and have been known to kill their victims .
Development of transgenic fungi that kill human malaria parasites in mosquitoes .
Williopsis saturnus yeast killer toxin does not kill Streptococcus pneumoniae .
Ultrasmall gold - doxorubicin conjugates rapidly kill apoptosis-resistant cancer cells .
Progesterone and 17alphaPSCE were both found to kill H. pylori through their bacteriolytic action .
Both lactoferrins and bLfcin were able to kill amoebas in a concentration-dependent manner .
Pertussis immunocompetent sera were unable to kill Bordetella parapertussis via complement deposition .
Many bacteria kill related bacteria by secretion of bacteriocins .
Granzymes kill cells in a variety of ways .
Interferon gamma activated macrophages kill mycobacteria by nitric oxide induced apoptosis .
These compounds can poison and kill animals and humans .
The disease adversely affects fruit production and may kill infected plants .
Retrocyclins kill bacilli and germinating spores of Bacillus anthracis and inactivate anthrax lethal toxin .
To kill , you have to duck an HDAC .
Saturability of granulocyte kill of Pseudomonas aeruginosa in a murine model of pneumonia .
At kill , intestinal tissues were collected for mucositis assessments .
However , blocking cytokines will not kill tumor cells nor prevent carcinogenesis .
The compounds did not kill the cells , but modified completely their sterol pattern .
These doses did not kill dams or affect the pup survival or growth .
Bugs do n't make worms kill .
A clinical study of those who utter threats to kill .
Traditionally , " flu " does not kill .
An anticancer strategic dilemma : to kill or to contain .
Inhibition of hyphal development and kill of Candida albicans blastospores by noxythiolin in vitro .
5-Thio-D-glucose is also known to specifically kill and radiosensitize hypoxic tumor cells .
Antibiotics kill at a much slower and more disappointing rate against bacilli within macrophages .
PGRPs kill with an ancient weapon .
These diffDC-activated NK cells could in turn kill surrounding diffDCs .
