Systemic drugs were more frequently prescribed according to the label than topical agents .
The sedating antidepressant mirtazapine is used off label for insomnia in perimenopausal women .
Iodine-124 as a label for pharmacological PET imaging .
Leukostasis was assessed using FITC - conjugated ConA to label leukocytes .
Several methods to label native DNA have been developed in the last two decades .
Techniques employing viral tracing or reporter genes also commonly use GFP to label cells .
5'-Bromo-2'-deoxyuridine ( BrdU ) was injected to label dividing cells before the drug treatment .
Bromodeoxyuridine was injected daily to label proliferating cells during the first postischemic week .
When used in paired label localization experiments in s.c.
Open label intervention .
Nanoparticle sensor for label free detection of swine DNA in mixed biological samples .
Generic arterial spin labeling ( ASL ) techniques label all brain feeding arteries .
When off label is off target .
All trials were open label , which may introduce bias .
The study design was open label and subject matched with crossover of therapeutic regimens .
Injections of HRP in the lateral thalamus retrogradely label neurons throughout the visual cortex .
Methods to label monoclonal antibodies for use in tumor imaging .
Use of spin label and the flow-induced ESR spectral difference for studying erythrocyte deformation .
Positively coded photoaffinity label for altering isoelectric points of proteins .
Fluorogenic label for biomolecular imaging .
A substrate and photoaffinity label for CMP-N-acetylneuraminic acid synthetase .
Production the 20nm colloidal gold and label the monoclonal antibody .
Integrated optical payload envelope detection and label recovery device for optical packet switching networks .
The autistic label and its potentially detrimental effect on the child 's treatment .
The high extinction ratio of both the payload and label improves the receiver margin .
An uptake , spin label and calorimetric study .
Single-cell electroporation is an affordable method to fluorescently label and genetically manipulate individual cells .
Judgments of EMR students toward their peers : effects of label and academic competence .
Moreover , a general evaluation on label and packaging characteristics was performed .
However , highly charged ligands are difficult to label with 99mTc and to purify .
