Surgical clipping lead to complete neurological recovery .
Hyperuricemia could lead to serious renal disease .
Potentially , this could lead to the interpretation that such farmers are behaving irrationally .
Nurses in all clinical settings encounter ethical issues that frequently lead to moral distress .
Deregulations may lead to severe pathologies such as diabetes mellitus and obesity .
Further research is needed to lead to a conclusive statement on this hypothesis .
The baseline drift could lead to recording distortion and to disturb the diagnosis .
Obesity may lead to depression or be one of its consequences .
Platelet plays essential roles in hemostasis and its dysregulation can lead to arterial thrombosis .
Incontinence is a prevalent problem and can lead to many complications .
Depression during pregnancy is especially dangerous and can lead to suicide or infanticide .
Cardiac involvement in sarcoidosis is often silent and may lead to sudden death .
Conversely , genuine cognitive dysfunction can lead to an under-appreciation of cognitive deficits .
Very-late proarrhythmia of a migrant pacemaker lead .
Unintentional protrusion and trapping of the screw-in helix of an implantable cardioverter defibrillator lead .
Based on previous investigations , the progress of gastritis may lead to gastric carcinomas .
On the contrary , a more invasive coupling would lead cells towards homogeneity .
All roads lead to home : panmixia of European eel in the Sargasso Sea .
Skin lead contamination of family members of boat-caulkers in southern Thailand .
Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy in adults with childhood lead exposure .
Long-term pacemaker lead malposition .
Intercommissural lead placement into a right ventricular coronary sinus--utility of intracardiac echo guidance .
STD patterns indicated adolescents lead all age groups in STDs .
New Forest Home aims to lead dementia care .
Possible mechanisms by which high dose zolpidem may lead to teratogenicity are discussed .
Potential mechanisms by which HIV infection may lead to lung cancer are discussed .
The mechanism by which these dietary components lead to pigment stone formation remains obscure .
On the lead time of a periodic screening program .
( n=16 ) as lead acetate solution i.p. for a period of seven days .
Can such evanescent subliminal stimuli , nevertheless , lead to long-lasting learning ?
