The primary outcome was return-to-work measured as either return-to-work rate or sick leave duration .
Do n't leave money on the table : take proactive approach to denials .
Patient factors may influence the sick leave period .
Intervention reduces coercion from male partners and may encourage women to leave unsafe relationships .
Such mutations leave the ground-state structure unaffected .
Savage cuts to student numbers leave lecturers facing job losses .
Under utilization of sick leave by the physicians - jeopardizing health care ?
The threshold to enter DREAM is sick leave for two consecutive weeks .
Intention to leave of Asian nurses in US hospitals : does cultural orientation matter ?
The authors investigated the reasons why women leave careers in academic medicine .
Although powerful techniques , they leave many soluble , purified structurally uncharacterized protein samples .
Why we must leave our organs to others .
Diabetics are particularly vulnerable to complications that can leave them at risk for amputation .
How fatty acids of different chain length enter and leave cells by free diffusion .
Failing to treat SDB appears to leave children at risk for long-term neurobehavioral deficits .
Changes in HRQoL ; duration of sick leave .
This study provides a more comprehensive understanding of factors that influence intent to leave .
Parental leave .
" Reforms will make cash tills ring and leave us all the poorer " .
What to do with a failed renal allograft : take it or leave it ?
The condition is self-limiting and does not leave permanent neurological sequelae .
The vascular theory of migraine : leave it or love it ?
Some of them leave stable traces , and others fade away quickly .
The axons leave the nucleus from the medial side and join the lemniscus lateralis .
8.24 % nurses newly developed intention to leave during follow-up .
Relation between perceived health and sick leave in employees with a chronic illness .
Occupational factors and sick leave in Australian employees .
They leave the bone marrow as progenitors and complete their maturation at peripheral sites .
Many individuals leave the field prior to graduation or between graduation and placement .
[Caring for depressed patients. Should we leave them alone or activate them ? ] .
