The non-specific features of TTH do not lend themselves well to diagnosis by questionnaire .
Results of an experimental pharmacokinetic study lend theoretical support to the findings .
Results of the study lend modest support to Borkowski 's model .
Moreover , MAPC-SMCs may lend themselves to tissue engineering applications .
A number of experiments are suggested to lend validity to the hypothesis .
A literature data set is re-analyzed to lend support to this view .
This may lend insight into the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes in obese humans .
They also lend support to research that has shown age-related effects in ambiguity resolution .
Never too old to lend a hand .
These techniques lend themselves to considerable and varied application and involve relatively inexpensive instrumentation .
These results lend support to and extend observations from other microarray investigations .
We identify areas that lend themselves to further innovation and that suggest new applications .
The oximes are stable under normal conditions and so lend themselves to biological testing .
Typically , these lesions are readily accessible and lend themselves to being examined .
Soil-blocks do not lend enough control in these applications .
Sherman physicians lend a helping hand .
Time to lend a hand : a proposal for a military medical think tank .
Conventional heavy metal poststaining methods on thin sections lend contrast but often cause contamination .
Results resonate with previous research and lend support for mentoring among minority nursing students .
Regressive changes are frequent and lend them a colorful appearance .
These features lend lipophilin the properties of a polytopic membrane protein .
Medicare drug bill could lend boost to ADAPs .
These results lend only partial support the classical sex allocation model .
This rushed environment may lend to a negative surgical experience and increased surgery-related stress .
We discuss the insights these mutants lend to a structure-function analysis of RNA polymerase .
A diligent , complete neurologic examination should lend for an accurate neuroanatomical diagnosis .
