Sharpen communication skills to lessen lawsuit risk .
High pH scald was not more effective than standard scald to lessen Salmonella prevalence .
Previous vitrectomy does not appear to lessen rates of postcataract surgery MO .
Pulsed immunosuppressive dosing can lessen these risks .
Peri-surgical statins lessen acute kidney injury .
Uncemented prostheses may lessen this risk .
Hydroquinone seems to partially lessen the acetic acid and amplify formic acid effects .
Future studies will attempt to lessen toxicity and to maximize the response rate .
Cold air may worsen asthmatic bronchoconstriction but can lessen breathlessness in normal individuals .
These lessen their stress and connect them to hold on to hope .
A proactive stance can lessen the pain and give the best chance of recovery .
Careful application of simple guidelines may lessen associated risks and improve safety .
In conclusion , omalizumab can lessen the intensity of the symptoms of systemic MCAD .
In select patients , early surgical intervention may lessen attending neurologic sequelae .
Mig-6 modification could lessen degenerative disease development after this type of injury .
Opportunity exists to lessen overreliance on SABAs .
Chronic l-dopa fails to lessen rebound enhancement of self-stimulation after chronic haloperidol .
Erythropoietin ( Epo ) has potential to lessen neurologic sequelae due to hypoxia-ischemia .
These effects tend to lessen with time and are not harmful .
Hypoxemia persisted longer , but tended to lessen after 2 days of infusion .
These differences tended to lessen by the end of the course .
In such patients NCPAP can lessen morbidity and can improve the quality of life .
Early detection and therapeutic intervention may lessen or prevent subsequent deformities .
The use of alternative degreasers may lessen or eliminate this hazard .
Gradual ascent to allow acclimatization can lessen or prevent symptoms .
Further health care reforms should aim to lessen or even remove these barriers .
