A pair of amphids lie behind the lateral lips .
The computed temperature-dependent rate curves frequently lie within the experimental error bars .
All patients postoperatively could lie in the supine position .
When patients lie to their doctors .
Steady-state dissociation constants were observed to lie in the low nanomolar range .
The nurse-patient relationship has been postulated to lie at the core of nursing care .
Future research into the treatment of vitiligo : where should our priorities lie ?
These values lie within the WHO recommended storage period .
The cellular and molecular mechanisms that lie behind this effect are poorly understood .
Both Cu atoms lie on inversion centres and adopt essentially elongated octahedral coordination .
Penetrating arteries lie in interstitial spaces and are closely related to accompanying veins .
Objects of a given type lie on a plane or in a thin layer .
Sisyphean trials lie ahead .
This article summarizes 3 key challenges that lie ahead for surgical educators .
[Media influence : nursing between perception and reality. Working lie Sister Stefanie ? ] .
Do adult centrioles contain cartwheels and lie at right angles to each other ?
Subjects were instructed to lie in supine position and elevate their heads unsupported .
The promoters are GC-rich and lie within CpG islands .
Thermal imaging as a lie detection tool at airports .
We review the technical challenges that lie ahead , along with some potential solutions .
Predicting where future means will lie based on the results of the current trial .
Despite application of these various methods , there lie extensive ethical issues surrounding them .
All of the RLN were seen to lie posterolateral to the Berry ligament .
Within this sequence lie two Spl binding sites and a consensus CCAAT box .
Statistics never lie - or do they ?
How are meaningful comparisons between species made , and where do the differences lie ?
The knobby fibers lie parallel and coalesce in thick bundles .
All patients undergoing the procedure were unable to lie supine preoperatively .
Face-to-face upright seated positioning for cataract surgery in patients who cannot lie flat .
Why do lie-catchers fail ? A lens model meta-analysis of human lie judgments .
