Genes that link nephritis to autoantibodies and innate immunity .
Sortin1-hypersensitive mutants link vacuolar-trafficking defects and flavonoid metabolism in Arabidopsis vegetative tissues .
Two potential pathways that link home smoking bans to smoker 's health are analyzed .
Conjugation assays were performed to link resistance genes to plasmids .
Does cytokine signaling link sphingolipid metabolism to host defense and immunity against virus infections ?
Water resource management must strive to link catchment information with water quality monitoring .
HDACs link the DNA damage response , processing of double-strand breaks and autophagy .
Interactive processes link the multiple symptoms of fatigue in sport competition .
In 2004 , a novel theory was proposed that could link infection and autoimmunity .
We also propose a robust scheme to link disappearing-and-reappearing spines .
We have reviewed the mechanisms that may link the two diseases .
Jaundice-autism link unconvincing .
Excess body weight and obesity--the link with gastrointestinal and hepatobiliary cancer .
A Src link in schizophrenia .
Androgenic hormones and aging--the link with female sexual function .
Marlin-1 and conventional kinesin link GABAB receptors to the cytoskeleton and regulate receptor transport .
Network hubs link communities to one another and ensure efficient communication and information integration .
These meanings link people to one another and form the basis for social action .
PP2A is S-adenosylmethionine ( SAM ) -dependent and might thus link methylation with neurodegeneration .
Palmitoylated GRIP1b is targeted to trafficking endosomes and may link endosomes to kinesin motors .
Mothers recognized convulsions , anaemia and splenomegaly but did not link them to malaria .
This article summarizes recent advances that link CYLD to different types of human cancer .
On the aggregation properties of FMRP --a link with the FXTAS syndrome ?
One gene was suggested to link to SSC2 markers and another to SSC6 .
Several pathways link depression and ESRD , and are probably bidirectional .
Protein domain architectures link evolutionarily related proteins and underscore their shared functions .
We conclude that Wnt10a may link the differentiation of odontoblasts and cusp morphogenesis .
Managerial perceptions of mentor , lecturer practitioner and link tutor roles .
Cortisol is implicated during yawning and may link many neurological disorders .
The microbeads have specific surface moieties to link the biomolecules and couple cell receptors .
