The general objective of this follow-up plan is to improve the quality of live of these subjects and their family .
To further investigate this , we compared serologic markers of infection and allergic sensitization prevalence in Roma children , who live under unfavorable hygienic conditions that facilitate the spread of infections , and non-Roma children who live in the same area .
As a result , more people live in their homes nowadays .
The childhood cancer experiences of stepfamilies have not been described despite the fact that nearly one third of U.S. children will live in a stepfamily household .
[We may yet live in a great epoch ] .
In Latin America and the Caribbean , around 195 million people live in poverty , a situation that increases the burden of some infectious diseases .
These mice spontaneously consume less food when fed ad libitum and live longer compared with wild-type ( WT ) control mice .
All mothers had to be at least 24 weeks pregnant and live within 100 km of the hospital .
Commuting by public transit and physical activity : where you live , where you work , and how you get there .
Histochemistry : live and in color .
As a result of changed attitudes in health care , the majority of people aged 50 years or more now live in the community and make use of the standard general and specialist healthcare services .
MIF knockout mice are healthier and live longer than their wild-type counterparts .
Bayesian space-time geostatistical models can be used to reliably estimate the combined observed prevalence of STH and suggest that a quarter of Kenya 's school-aged children live in areas of high prevalence and warrant mass treatment .
Meerkats live under high predation pressure and occupy a difficult foraging niche .
Because many cancer survivors live long after diagnosis and the U.S. population is aging , the number of persons living with a history of cancer is expected to continue to increase .
Differences in filial behavior in multigeneration families that live together .
The purpose of this study was to investigate differences in filial piety in three-generation families who live together .
A code that you can live by .
Given the vulnerable conditions in which these older adults live , specific interventions need to be implemented to prevent falls in order to reduce the risk of functional dependency .
Metagenomic data enables the study of microbes and viruses through their DNA as retrieved directly from the environment in which they live .
This paper presents an approach to describe the environments in which people live , work , and play .
We live and work in a multicultural world and need to be knowledgeable about culture and how it affects the quality of care given to patients .
Residents of Anniston , Alabama , live near a Monsanto plant that manufactured polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) from 1929 to 1971 and are relatively heavily exposed .
Although the age when NIHL begins among farmers is unknown , its prevalence is higher among male adolescents who live and work on farms .
Individuals living with HIV who receive treatment and optimal care live longer and healthier lives .
As these patients now live longer lives , it is crucial that clinicians have a basic understanding of the process and outcomes .
Salmonella Enteritidis with double deletion in phoPfliC--a potential live Salmonella vaccine candidate with novel characteristics for use in chickens .
The manuals allow SSI assessments to be made in different ways ( e.g. from digital recordings or whilst listening to speech live ) .
Abel and Kruger ( 2007 ) reported that Major League Baseball players whose names have positive initials ( such as ACE or GOD ) live an average of 13 years longer than do players with negative initials ( such as ASS or BAD ) or players with neutral initials ( such as GHR or TSW ) .
CLP or sham surgery was performed on BALB/c wild-type ( WT ) and ST2 knockout ( KO ) mice , and 24 hours later animals were challenged with 10 ( 8 ) live P. aeruginosa .
