A three-step search strategy was used to locate the literature .
The objective was to locate both organic binders and inorganic pigments .
Repeated endoscopies , mesenteric angiography and scintigraphy failed to locate the bleeding site .
Rats sweep their vibrissae through space to locate objects in their immediate environment .
Ten participants in each community were asked to locate their homes on aerial photographs .
A 3-dimensional digitizing system was used to locate 19 anatomic landmarks on each specimen .
Their task was to locate different landmarks and become familiar with the town .
Intraoperative transesophageal echocardiography was utilized to locate the vegetation and confirm its removal .
Our bats apparently used echolocation for general orientation , but not to locate prey .
Neurosurgical intervention failed to locate and remove the migrated seed .
Rats use their whiskers to locate and discriminate tactile features of their environment .
For web masters it provides a mechanism to easily locate and validate the resources .
We did this to aid researchers to locate relevant references .
We locate a novel type of double-crisis vertex which we call a grazing-crisis vertex .
We contacted authors to locate additional eligible studies .
Of 23 practices , 4 could not locate eligible visits .
Male broad-nosed pipefish Syngnathus typhle do not locate females by smell .
Intraoperative Doppler velocity measurements to locate patent ITA grafts at reoperation .
They follow an atypical pathway of development and preferentially locate to peripheral tissues .
A tumor was found to locate in the right lateral ventricle .
Six novel genes were found to locate in chromosome 5 .
Isoforms lacking the transmembrane domain also locate to the nucleoplasm .
The compensatory mutations do not locate to the molecularly modeled intermolecular NTD-CTD interface .
The 34.1 kDa MbCRP1-green fluorescent protein fusion protein locate specifically in the cytoplasm .
The study demonstrates that rats locate food and direct reaching using olfaction .
A transesophageal echocardiography technique to locate the kidney and monitor renal perfusion .
Students described how grades locate their performance and calibrate their self-assessment .
We conclude that Cro slides along the DNA to locate and leave the operator .
A double channel laparoscope aids to locate and exteriorize the appendix .
A crowdsourcing innovation challenge to locate and map automated external defibrillators .
