Immunohistochemistry was performed to localize podoplanin .
All these target neurons express and localize specific receptors for GRP .
We aim here to localize activated regions of an anatomically accurate brain .
PDMS membrane valves control and localize PCR reagents in the 380-nL reactors .
To localize GmZFP1 mRNA in various tissues , semi-quantative RT-PCR assay was performed .
How to localize parathyroid tumors in primary hyperparathyroidism ?
Furthermore , the PM receptors constitutively internalize and localize intracellularly on CK .
Furthermore , part of the NPs seemed to localize within the cytoplasm .
In PI4KIIIalpha mutant follicle cells , Merlin fails to localize to the apical domain .
Unconventional actin conformations localize on intermediate filaments in mitosis .
The histone H2A variant macroH2A1 does not localize to the centrosome .
Many of these cognitive deficits likely localize to cerebellar and/or basal ganglia dysfunction .
Lumbar myelography was helpful , but did not always localize the lesion .
The ultrasound was used to localize the abscess and visualize its depth .
This study demonstrates the feasibility of MDCT to localize the FO and aid TP .
We showed that Pin1 binds phosphorylated PU.1 and they localize together in a nucleus .
Salmonella typhimurium lacking ribose chemoreceptors localize in tumor quiescence and induce apoptosis .
Two isoforms of the cold-inducible mRNA-binding protein RBM3 localize to dendrites and promote translation .
Autoregulatory and repressive inputs localize Hydra Wnt3 to the head organizer .
Burying beetles of the genus Nicrophorus localize small vertebrate carcasses by emitted volatiles .
UNC-13 and UNC-10 / rim localize synaptic vesicles to specific membrane domains .
The defined task was to localize and detect MC clusters consisting of seven MCs .
The implanted fiducial was used to localize and treat the patients with gating .
A method to localize and segment the acute brain infarcts is proposed .
Volumetric myelographic magnetic resonance imaging to localize difficult-to-find spinal dural arteriovenous fistulas .
These tools will help the clinician localize the lesion .
Computed tomography-based computer modeling can localize regions of anticipated mechanical impingement in symptomatic patients .
SCN5A mutations associate with arrhythmic dilated cardiomyopathy and commonly localize to the voltage-sensing mechanism .
NhpESCs localize to the ICM in chimera and generate pregnancies .
EPCs are resident in most murine tissue types and localize to human tumor xenografts .
