52 % of women and 31.7 % of men were attempting to lose weight .
Membrane trafficking and organelle biogenesis in Giardia lamblia : use it or lose it .
Blacks were particularly less likely to have tried to lose weight .
M.O. personally guarantees you will not lose money .
Want to lose weight ?
( 4 ) Residual viable cells lose the ability of self-renewal and adherent differentiation .
Both rules lose usefulness for CD4 counts coming near to treatment threshold .
[Do oral proton pump inhibitors lose effect after splitting ? ] .
Why does n't the brain lose weight , when obese people diet ?
Some large lesions may lose endothelium with rough surface have a dike appearance .
Faceshields lose impact resistance with typical use .
In most sites , obese mothers tended to lose less weight than normal-weight mothers .
FOXP3+ CD4+ Tregs lose suppressive potential but remain anergic during transient inflammation in human .
Plasmodium-infected erythrocytes lose their normal deformability and become susceptible to splenic filtration .
Paralysis victims lose the feedback of this receptor and cannot initiate motor responses .
How to lose friends and alienate people .
Use IT or lose it ?
Subsequently , ZM447439 - treated cells exit mitosis without dividing and lose viability .
Without oxygen , these devices rapidly lose photovoltage and photocurrent and are rendered useless .
Bees lose their barbed stinger after stinging and die .
On the contrary , lymphocytes lose cholesterol , but absorb fat acids .
Obese woman should try to lose weight before pregnancy but probably not during pregnancy .
Allergenic proteins in extracts degrade rapidly and lose potency on storage .
Women have less muscle than men but lose it more slowly during aging .
New Year 's resolutions to lose weight--dreams and reality .
No time to lose .
Attrition in longitudinal studies : who do you lose ?
Vulnerable people have most to lose from online access .
Those lose to follow-up were not among those unwilling to tolerate their bleeding pattern .
Is it necessary for one party to win and the other party to lose ?
