This toxin insertion creates pores that lyse the cells .
Oncolytic adenoviruses replicate selectively within and lyse malignant cells .
Oncolytic adenoviruses preferentially replicate in and lyse tumor cells .
Killer cell Ig-like receptors ligand-mismatched , alloreactive natural killer cells lyse primary solid tumors .
Leu11+ cells lyse dengue virus-infected cells and K562 cells .
Leu11- cells lyse dengue virus-infected cells , but not K562 cells .
They are not killed but survive and lyse bacteriovorous protozoans after about 8 days .
Clostridium perfringens theta-toxin was shown to lyse target erythrocytes by a colloid-osmotic mechanism .
Oncolytic viruses are tumour selective and able to lyse cancer cells after infection .
Pneumolysin was also found to lyse platelets and to activate serum to become chemotactic .
Defensins fuse and lyse negatively charged liposomes but display reduced activity with neutral liposomes .
During syphilitic infection , these cells phagocytize , kill , and lyse Treponema pallidum .
NK cells are defined as those cells that lyse tumor cells without priming .
In a second step sensitized 10BK.1 cells lyse allogeneic target cells .
In addition , 2B4+ T cells can specifically lyse the 2B4 hybridoma cells .
Natural killer cells spontaneously lyse certain tumor cells and may defend against malignancy .
Genetically engineered or naturally oncolytic viruses selectively lyse tumors and leave healthy tissues intact .
Fibrinolytic agents lyse pulmonary emboli but are not as effective in deep venous thrombosis .
The main finding was that agar caused cells to lyse as they matured .
Monocytes prepared on culture dishes lyse YK-M2 .
NK cells lyse T regulatory cells that expand in response to an intracellular pathogen .
The DeltamyoB cells also often lyse due to defects in cell wall biogenesis .
Thermosensitive Bacillus subtilis mutants which lyse at the non-permissive temperature .
Cells did not lyse in distilled water .
Fragile mutants of Saccharomyces cerevisiae require osmotic stabilizers and lyse in hypotonic solutions .
Cells were not observed to lyse in distilled water .
Uncharacteristically , the red cells failed to lyse with acidified normal serum .
Acute myocardial infarction : to lyse or to inflate ?
Hemodialysis graft declotting : " lyse and wait " and watch .
Cells depleted of MraY first swell and then lyse .
