New strategies to prevent and manage bone complications in cancer .
People depend on high awareness to take precautions to manage risk .
Does an MBA enhance a physician 's ability to manage a medical practice ?
A low-cost simulator for learning to manage postpartum hemorrhage in rural Africa .
A unified program to manage biologics .
Optometrists are regularly using computers to manage their practices and medical record keeping .
How to manage the left subclavian artery during endovascular stenting of the thoracic aorta .
Impact of interventions to prevent and manage preeclampsia and eclampsia on stillbirths .
Evolution of how best to manage primary aldosteronism. Foreword .
PHC staff require skills to correctly manage these conditions and undertake HIV testing .
Capacities in the public health system are inadequate to design and manage PPPs .
Acute urinary retention : who is at risk and how best to manage it ?
Equipment to manage a difficult airway during anaesthesia .
Consequently , we can safety manage anesthesia without episode of anaphylactic shock .
Narrative means to manage responsibility in life narratives across adolescence .
Persistent hypertension can be difficult to manage and have detrimental effect on vital organs .
Established anticoagulants have drawbacks that make their use difficult to manage and sustain .
Identify and manage unbilled accounts receivable .
Accidentally swallowed foreign objects are not uncommon but difficult to manage without complications .
Why Mr Paige could n't manage .
How to manage under prospective payment .
How will we manage ?
Optic nerve sheath meningiomas are challenging lesions to manage .
How did the group manage to survive ?
Antiemetic guidelines help clinicians manage CINV and are updated frequently .
Harnessing computers to manage energy and contain costs .
[What does old age bring us and how do we manage it ? ] .
The patient could not manage by herself so dietary- and exercise-based treatment was difficult .
GPs reported finding such patients difficult to manage due to lack of knowledge .
Such conditions can be burdensome for physicians and caregivers to manage .
