The spray drying process parameters used to manufacture the particles were calculated a priori .
Over the decades , more gas-permeable plastics have been used to manufacture platelet containers .
These differences were attributed to the employment of sucrose to manufacture the particulate-based proliposomes .
Molecular nanotechnology involves the ability to manufacture objects to precise atomic specifications .
This milk was used to manufacture Cheddar cheese on a pilot scale .
This chip is equipped to manufacture ready-to-use esiRNAs on a large-scale level .
Neurotoxic effects in workers of the clinical thermometer manufacture plant .
We hope that this will soon enable us to manufacture vaccines cheaply .
Pharmaceutical companies that manufacture inhaled corticosteroids were also contacted .
It is easy to manufacture and apply with satisfactory clinical effects .
Innovative fluorine - addition process could enable faster drug design and manufacture .
The objectives of this study were to manufacture and characterize a nondegradable hydrated scaffold .
The monohydrate form was difficult to manufacture with constant quality .
Wrinkles in the coating which were introduced during can manufacture were cracked .
It is simple to manufacture because of the water solubility of the salt .
The potential for kelp manufacture to lead to arsenic pollution of remote Scottish islands .
Process economics of industrial monoclonal antibody manufacture .
The favourable result encouraged us to manufacture keratolenses for the correction of refractive errors .
Among other things , these companies manufacture toys , batik items , and ceramics .
Shionogi will manufacture doripenem for worldwide distribution .
Microbes manufacture plastic from food waste .
Lion-tailed macaques ( Macaca silenus ) manufacture and use tools .
These biofactories manufacture and store large quantities of silk proteins for fiber production .
Neurons of this system manufacture and secrete oxytocin and vasopressin .
Normal CNS glial cells manufacture neurotrophin receptors and are competent to respond to NGF .
They manufacture unusual compounds , utilize novel metabolic pathways , and contain unique genes .
