Biophysical imaging tools exploit several properties of fluorescence to map cellular biochemistry .
How to map a patient 's social support network .
Larger studies are needed to map geographically appropriate TCI infusion models .
Switch-specific and general preparation map onto different ERP components in a task-switching paradigm .
Familial ventricular aneurysms and septal defects map to chromosome 10p15 .
A road map for animal rights .
Boundary integral equation Neumann-to-Dirichlet map method for gratings in conical diffraction .
Two lexical methods were used to map ATC to UMLS .
Lexical methods are powerful methods to map health terminologies to the UMLS Metathesaurus .
The pleiotropic structure of the genotype-phenotype map : the evolvability of complex organisms .
Linkage map construction involving a reciprocal translocation .
The authors map out an alternative in their " three boxes " framework .
There are 17 genes that map to the interval .
Marek 's disease virus encodes MicroRNAs that map to meq and the latency-associated transcript .
Centromeres are difficult to map even in species where genetic resolution is excellent .
The papers here collate these practices and map their desires and ironies .
Work is in progress to clone CLN1 and CLN3 and to map CLN2 .
Work is in progress to clone CLN1 and CLN3 and to map CLN2 .
A method to map the visual cortex during an awake craniotomy .
To describe a scene , speakers must map visual information to a linguistic plan .
Kernel map compression for speeding the execution of kernel-based methods .
Status of the cattle genome map .
Status of the European indoor radon map .
Stroke imaging research road map .
Its sequences map to 20q11.2 and encode a 936 residue protein .
Most suppressors map to secY , and several are allele-specific .
Both xprF and xprG map to chromosome VII but the two genes are unlinked .
These findings serve to map out and characterize a cortical system responsible for individuation .
Autoradiography has been used to map and identify androgen binding neurons .
3DLM was able to map and quantify fine scale surface features .
