Multiple ODF-tagged secondary antibodies were then used to mark primary antibodies .
These differences may , therefore , represent brain changes that mark recovery from addiction .
The model body could be rotated in order to mark multiple pain locations .
Accessibility and evolutionary conservation mark bacterial small-rna target-binding regions .
An experimental model of tool mark striations in soft tissues produced by serrated blades .
Tool mark striations in pig skin produced by stabs from a serrated blade .
These findings demonstrate an ambiguity of the epigenetic monoubiquitin mark at histone H2A .
Mammalian 5 ' C-rich telomeric overhangs are a mark of recombination-dependent telomere maintenance .
Histone acetylation constitutes an epigenetic mark for transcriptional regulation .
" Cullin 4 makes its mark on chromatin " .
CLOCK leaves its mark on histones .
Full-time medical administrators are leaving their mark on health care administration .
Could this mark a turning point in the " War on Cancer " ?
EZH2 and ALDH-1 mark breast epithelium at risk for breast cancer development .
Clustered DNA motifs mark X chromosomes for repression by a dosage compensation complex .
Breast cancer : SRC hits the mark .
Anticancer drugs : SRC hits the mark .
An epigenetic mark that protects the epithelial phenotype in health and disease .
Finally , we make corrections and mark the stroke area with red color .
Females have smaller glands and mark less than males .
Birds use various vocalizations to mark their territory and attract mates .
Newly developed antibodies mark cyst and/or trophozoites , but have not been thoroughly characterized .
Computers can mark essays , but they can n't assess clinical ability .
These traces mark their swim paths and could guide predators .
Polycomb complexes and the propagation of the methylation mark at the Drosophila ubx gene .
Use of sculptra mark in esthetic rejuvenation .
[On your mark of dosimetry for radiotherapy ] .
We present a generalized tool to mark and preprocess cancerous regions in an image .
Genomic DNA methylation : the mark and its mediators .
Images were superimposed , and mark positional changes were measured .
