Thirty-five strains could mate with one or more compatible partner .
In contrast , workers in most species never mate .
When females mate with different males , competition for fertilizations occurs after insemination .
In Experiment 4 males were allowed to mate to satiety .
Each male was allowed 30 min to mate with a receptive female .
2 , sexually experienced male rats were allowed to mate to sexual exhaustion .
The excluded strains did not mate .
Matron 's mate .
Nasonia vitripennis females normally mate only once .
They mate at normal efficiencies , and they sporulate successfully .
Long-tailed manakins mate in leks and cooperate in multiyear male-male partnerships .
Under such conditions , homothallic wild-type cells will normally mate and undergo sporulation .
Females mate regularly and are able to store sperm for at least 6 months .
Female homozygotes mate and breed .
Sperm can be stored for months yet individuals mate frequently .
Cohabitation with a sick cage mate : Effects on noradrenaline turnover and neutrophil activity .
A common explanation of this effect proposes that prototypicality signals mate value .
Mutant dunce females , mate every 22-24 hr .
Following parturition ( kindling ) does can mate and become pregnant again .
X-disrupted mutants have wild-type phenotypes and mate normally .
After mating , Drosophila melanogaster females lay substantially more eggs and mate rarely .
Field collected individuals did not swarm normally nor mate effectively in cages .
D. yangi has winged males but mate mostly within the natal patch .
Females are able to choose between calling males and mate with a single male .
Interspecifically mated queens can still produce viable sons that will mate intraspecifically .
Additionally , mate competition positively related to male dispersal but negatively to female dispersal .
However , it is preferable to mate the stud males with superovulated immature females .
Female mate preference for longer fins in medaka .
Behavioral aspects of electronic bull separation and mate allocation in multiple-sire mating paddocks .
Hybrids mate according to song type .
