Posttherapy monocytes retained the ability to mature into dendritic cells .
Larvae take 102-109 days to mature from egg to adult .
The purified monocytes were viable and retained their capacity to mature into macrophages .
Importantly , precursors mature into HB9 / ChAT - expressing functional MNs .
GV spontaneously mature at the nuclear level .
Second , along any growth trajectory , individuals mature earlier when mortality is higher .
However , these pathways do not mature simultaneously .
Median disease-free survival is currently not mature .
This suggested that eugenol converted into methyleugenol and linalool decreased as leaf mature .
Alternatively , they may mature late and undergo delayed bone mineral accumulation .
Both DC subsets mature and produce IFN-alpha upon interaction with recAd .
We have found that oligodendrocyte precursors mature and synthesize myelin following transplantation .
They can not mature in humans , but die shortly after penetration .
Upon migration to various tissues , monocytes mature and differentiate into tissue macrophages .
Under the effect of imprinting , receptors mature and reach their maximal binding capacity .
Drug information centers continue to mature and offer a useful service .
Progeny ascospores not carrying the killer element fail to mature and are inviable .
Computational protein design continues to mature and advance .
Human bone marrow-derived mesenchymal cells differentiate and mature into endocrine pancreatic lineage in vivo .
T lymphocytes differentiate and mature in the thymus .
Newly formed bone was observed in all the groups and became mature with time .
Intrarenal mature cystic teratoma with renal dysplasia .
The mature athlete with hip arthritis .
The mature electrical properties of identified neurones in grasshopper embryos .
Multifocal bigerminal mature teratomas of the head and neck .
The pre-tRNAs are then processed to mature tRNA molecules .
Cryotherapy--a mature ablation technique .
Glucocorticoids are used to mature the fetal lung at times of threatened premature delivery .
Concatemers formed at 30 degrees were reconverted to mature DNA by packaging in vitro .
Antenatal glucocorticoids are administered to mature the fetal lungs before preterm birth .
