Acoustic reflection technology was used to measure vocal tract dimensions in the 2 groups .
Using tryptophan fluorescence to measure the stability of membrane proteins folded in liposomes .
How to measure the impact of chemistry on the small screen .
We have used targeted aequorins to selectively measure calcium fluxes in different organelles .
This can be used to measure very large distances in dispersive media .
A tri-axial accelerometer was used to measure limb acceleration in three-dimensional space .
Several assessment instruments have been developed that attempt to measure decision regret .
Most pediatric anesthesiologists ( 89 % ) measure the hemoglobin level before PRBC transfusion .
Implantable magnetic relaxation sensors measure cumulative exposure to cardiac biomarkers .
How can I accurately measure a wound and how often should I do it ?
Therefore , we can use sound attenuation to measure the spinon mass and lifetime .
Urine collections were obtained for U analysis and to measure renal function parameters .
Use of flow cytometry to measure biogeochemical rates and processes in the ocean .
Most studies measure outcome in terms of activity limitations and participation restriction .
A new method to measure torsion moments on small-scaled specimens .
Formal pathology review was conducted to measure and verify margin status .
Using a nursing balanced scorecard approach to measure and optimize nursing performance .
Finally , novel ways to better measure and treat the electrical substrate are discussed .
A system to irradiate and measure luminescence at low temperatures .
To image and measure iris tumors with optical coherence tomography ( OCT ) .
A method was developed to measure tooth display in both smile types and speech .
Current methods of assessing platelet activity measure platelet count and function in isolation .
They measure 35 X 65 nm and are therefore considerably larger than ribosomes .
An all-condition measure may better measure quality and promote innovation .
SMCs given antiapoptotic pretreatments exhibited improvements in each measure relative to controls .
Accurate enantiomeric excesses are determined that are not possible to measure on static samples .
Plasma estrogens were difficult to measure in this small species .
Current spectrophotometers measure murein hydrolase activity simultaneously under many conditions and in small intervals .
We can measure LAI repeatedly in AMI non-invasively , and predict LVEDP .
We currently measure them in one way , and this paper describes an alternative .
