Adaptor proteins mediate signal transduction from cell surface receptors to downstream signaling pathways .
Dopaminergic projections from midbrain to primary motor cortex mediate motor skill learning .
However , the direct targets that mediate their effects on longevity remain unclear .
Repression of this gene is critical to mediate the anti-apoptotic function of MAD1 .
Rumination has been suggested to mediate the physiological consequences of stress on health .
Hepatic stellate cells activate during chronic liver injury and mediate the fibrotic response .
Placental membranes mediate maternal-fetal exchange in all viviparous reptilian sauropsids .
Different B cell populations mediate early and late memory during an endogenous immune response .
Presynaptic NMDA receptors mediate IPSC potentiation at GABAergic synapses in developing rat neocortex .
KLRG1+NKG2A+ CD8 T cells mediate protection and participate in memory responses during gamma-herpesvirus infection .
High STAT5 levels mediate imatinib resistance and indicate disease progression in chronic myeloid leukemia .
Root-targeted biotechnology to mediate hormonal signalling and improve crop stress tolerance .
In summary , HEA125xOKT3 has been found to mediate contact formation by distinct processes .
Histone chaperones cooperate to mediate Mef2 - targeted transcriptional regulation during skeletal myogenesis .
HSECs mediate tethering of damaged RBCs in a PS-dependent manner via stabilin-1 and stabilin-2 .
Integrins are upregulated in many malignancies and mediate a wide variety of tumor-stroma interactions .
They both sustain homeostatic functions and mediate pathogenic mechanisms , including the inflammatory response .
Syntaxins 2 and 4 are not presynaptic and likely mediate post-synaptic trafficking .
At that time , NKT cells mediate autoreactivity and eventually induce hepatic injury .
In some circumstances , ITAM can mediate inhibition and ITIM can propagate activation signals .
In the vertebrate retina , rods mediate twilight vision and cones mediate daylight vision .
The mechanism by which HDL can mediate protection from atherosclerosis is complex and multifactorial .
However , the mechanism by which APS mediate this effect is unclear .
However , the mechanism by which FLL mediate this effect is unclear .
Which brain structures mediate which behavior is unknown .
Calcium does not mediate the shape change that follows ATP depletion in human erythrocytes .
Spinally localized 5-HT1A receptors postsynaptic to serotoninergic neurones mediate spontaneous tail-flicks in the rat .
This pathway mediates touch but may also mediate allodynia after nerve injury .
These aggregates cause significant calcium deregulation and mediate neurotoxicity by disrupting synaptic activity .
Both beta1 - and putative beta4-adrenoceptors mediate arrhythmias but through different mechanisms .
