An educational program was developed to meet the needs and expectations of physicians .
The technique can be refined to meet specific experimental requirements .
IP collaboration facilitated the problem-solving needed to meet the complex needs of this patient .
Most adults do not meet calcium intake recommendations .
However , transferral patients do not meet the defined time limits .
Restructuring care in a federally qualified health center to better meet patients ' needs .
Outcomes were compared between men who did and did not meet very-low-risk criteria .
TAZ was modestly higher than that predicted but did not meet physiologic requirements .
The hospitals still have to meet basic overhead costs and profit margins .
Policymakers struggle with how to meet recommendations for IT program .
PET can detect disease at sites that do not meet size criteria by CT .
Several complementary approaches that may help meet this demand in the future are reviewed .
College to meet SHA officials over new e-learning contract .
When signaling kinases meet histones and histone modifiers in the nucleus .
Examinations of physical methods meet essential obstacles by granting of these criteria .
Each material selected should meet the individual wear behavior and needs .
Unfortunately , supply does not meet demand , and demand is increasing .
Forty-one women were diagnosed with GDM and 294 did not meet the GDM criteria .
Members meet yearly to promote research , education and treatment of SpA .
A toolkit to meet Tomorrow 's Doctors standards .
When physics and biology meet : the nanoscale case .
Maternal diet , aging and diabetes meet at a chromatin loop .
The exchange cannot occur if the strings meet with very large relative velocity .
Copper and nitric oxide meet in the plasma .
When cells and microbes meet in Krakow .
Why Bush and science may yet meet in the middle .
[Followers of Freud meet in Germany ] .
They meet patients in the hospital and follow them for 30 days after discharge .
In contrast , these mechanical strengths meet the standard values and fulfill the requirements .
Of these , 52 did not meet the inclusion criteria and were excluded .
