In this paper , we investigated the role of snow depth and melt out date on the phenological development and reproductive success of vascular plants in Adventdalen , Svalbard ( 78degrees 10 'N , 16degrees 06 ' E ) .
Keratitis and corneal melt with ketorolac tromethamine after conductive keratoplasty .
Thick films ( >4 layers ) are observed to melt heterogeneously , while thin films ( <=4 layers ) melt homogeneously , even for polycrystalline films .
Thin film melting is qualitatively different : thin films homogeneously melt by generating many small defects which need not nucleate at grain boundaries or dislocations .
For example , a DNA helicase could in principle accelerate branch migration rates by helping to melt the helix at the branch point .
Increased electron dosage appeared to melt the polymer with subsequent movement and attraction toward preferred electron concentrations within the beam .
Heating to 58 degrees C was necessary to melt all the crystallized triglyceride and to restore the spherical lipoprotein shape .
After being exposed to microwave ( MW ) plasma irradiation , the anchored Au NPs melt and fuse , leading to larger aggregates ( 34 nm ) that can connect the MWCNT forming a three-dimensional conducting network .
These chains melt on heating over a temperature range which is solution composition dependent ( ca. 51 to 67 degrees C ) , but in all cases leading to a liquid-like disordered hydrocarbon regime whilst retaining the overall lamellar structure ( and in this state is termed L ( alpha ) ) .
A deep-seated melt or fluid layer on top of the 410-km-deep seismic discontinuity in Earth 's upper mantle , as proposed in the transition-zone ' water filter ' hypothesis , may have significant bearing on mantle dynamics and chemical differentiation .
All the three compounds melt well below 100 degrees C and could be classified as ionic liquids .
When exposed to direct heating or HIFU , the PCM will melt and escape from the interiors of nanocages through small pores on the surface , concurrently releasing the encapsulated molecules into the surrounding medium .
