Due to the epidemiological relevance of rotavirus disease on the worldwide panorama as an important cause of morbid-mortality in the infantile public and to the still incipient production of studies concerning the problematic in the nationwide scenario , not to mention the unique necessity of encouraging the promotion of care and education as inseparable factors in the health spaces , it was delimited as study object of the present article the rotavirus disease in the Brazilian scenario , emphasizing the vaccination as preventive measure against this ill .
We found no evidence of an overall association with current ( OR = 0.89 [95 % confidence interval 0.61-1.30 ] ) or recent ( 1.08 [0.76-1.53 ] ) mention of LABA , but there was some evidence of a positive interaction with age .
In this study , undergraduate students with and without a prior MHI were either informed that the study 's purpose was to investigate the effects of MHI on cognitive functioning ( " diagnosis threat " condition ) or merely informed that their cognitive functioning was being examined , with no mention of status ( " neutral " condition ) .
However , the majority of these studies only briefly describe the parent 's role , and little mention is made with regard to how the parent 's role evolves over time as children age into adolescence .
We focus on results generated in our laboratory but give due mention to work from other groups as well .
No mention is made of the far more efficient method of prevention : the air mattress with alternating pressure .
Here , the extensive use of electrophilic activation of C-C multiple bonds by gold species deserves a prominent mention , and the great strides made in the field over the last few years are described in this tutorial review .
In the final part of the study , a SWOT analysis is made to mention the weaknesses , strengths , opportunities , and threats of the EIA system in Turkey .
Bacterial endocarditis deserves special mention because despite involving specialists of two scientific fields , its prophylaxis is almost always assigned to medical practice , and especially , to dentistry .
Indeed , national or international guidelines do n't mention these two subjects .
The literature review includes studies that directly mention the topic of influenza seasonality , as well as other topics we believed to be relevant .
Only 12 laws mention one or more of these groups of vulnerable women .
Of the top three most viewed videos by strategy and search term , 66.7 % included a specific mention of quitting smoking and , of these , the majority included EBPs .
The participants were not compelled to mention their feelings in relation to a case , and it is significant that the anonymity which we tried to maintain so that each person felt " listened to " without value judgement was very often discarded by the individuals themselves .
Of the labeling for 73 products evaluated , 62 ( 85 % ) included mention of an interaction with warfarin .
If the radiologist believes an incidentaloma is of no clinical significance , then making mention of it in the radiological report may possibly lead to a cascade of tests , biopsies , and other surgical procedures , which occasionally can cause serious complications .
Among controls with mention of LABA , a concurrent mention of ICS ( within 1 month ) was common ( 85 % and 93 % for the two respective periods ) which limited our power to investigate any interaction between LABA and ICS .
A brief mention of other conditions described in human and veterinary medicine is also provided for reference only , such as syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion and other conditions .
In this context , we mention simulation of Gibbs processes with Markov chain Monte Carlo methods using the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm .
Among the results achieved , we mention the revision of the dipole moment .
Surgeons must mention its use in the surgical report to avoid a delayed diagnosis in case of complications .
Results showed that the influence of just world beliefs depended on the fact of mention or not a cause for the aggression .
We analyzed Canadian newspapers ' portrayal of the A/H1N1 vaccine including mention of risks and benefits of the vaccine and whether the article supported , questioned or was neutral about the vaccine .
One hundred fifty-one Internet personal advertisements were analyzed for attractiveness , income , mention of physical attributes , and mention of other positive personal characteristics .
Review of the literature does not mention surgical treatment for unexplained painful thyroid , and only 15 cases of surgical treatment for painful Hashimoto 's thyroiditis are presented .
Endoscopy of the airways is required when parents mention a triggering moment or if the course of respiratory complaints is atypical .
Forty-seven articles ( 54 % ) either did not mention controls or did not run controls as separate specimens .
Here we summarize the latest developments in the field of genetic engineering in C. glutamicum , give examples of the use of these new tools , and mention the challenges which stand in the way of fully implementing these tools and this acquired knowledge for the construction of superior production strains .
A Delphi panel of experts in the field of personality pathology in older adults can be asked to mention a certain personality disorder and describe this on a certain personality selfreport list , like the shortened version of the TCI .
We also provide an overview of presently used models for studying neural precursors in vitro , mention some precursor transplantation models and emphasize that , in this rapidly growing field of neuroscience , one must be cautious with respect to a variety of methodological considerations for studying neural precursor cells both in vitro and in vivo .
