Malignant melanoma is reported to metastasize to all organs of the human body .
Many solid tumors that occur in humans tend to metastasize to the lungs .
It has a tendency to metastasize , even after a long latent period .
The incidence of primary tumors that metastasize to the orbit is approximately 7 % .
It can metastasize to any organ .
Almost a quarter of head and neck melanomas metastasize outside clinically predicted neck levels .
Canine mammary sarcomas are usually very aggressive and easily metastasize .
They have an inevitable tendency to recur locally and metastasize distally .
It is a relatively benign tumor but can recur and rarely metastasize .
True local recurrences do not metastasize .
The liver is the organ where tumors most frequently metastasize .
Advanced cases determine significant tissue destruction and they can metastasize .
PCa cells preferentially metastasize to bone and typically result in osteoblastic lesions .
Most malignant ovarian tumors metastasize by peritoneal dissemination and have a poor prognosis .
Endometrial carcinomas can metastasize to the orbit and may have a very atypical presentation .
Most renal cell carcinomas recur or metastasize within 2 years .
Subpopulation 168FAR is highly tumorigenic but does not metastasize spontaneously from a s.c. site .
Prostate cancer tends to metastasize to bone and induce osteoblastic lesions .
Conversely , serous carcinomas can metastasize but this is often a late event .
Squamous cell carcinomas of the scalp may metastasize and cause death .
They rarely metastasize and have an excellent prognosis .
Finally , LMSs were found to metastasize mo
Neoplasms have a striking tendency to metastasize or " home " to bone .
The tumor may extend into the orbit and metastasize regionally .
Mechanisms by which tumor cells metastasize to distant organs still remain enigmatic .
The mechanisms by which tumor cells metastasize to bone are not well understood .
Bone is the most common site to which breast cancer cells metastasize .
There is much debate about the way in which epithelial tumors metastasize .
The critical time of development beyond which a melanoma may metastasize presents great variation .
