The activation of these receptors is tightly regulated by ectoenzymes that metabolize their ligands .
A. caldus is able to metabolize elemental sulfur and a broad range of ISCs .
Therefore , skin expresses multiple enzymes that synthesize and metabolize lipids .
Cytochrome-P450 enzymes metabolize most administered drugs .
Freshwater fungi can metabolize organic xenobiotics .
These enzymes metabolize numerous toxins thus protecting from oxidative injury .
Human platelets metabolize 8,11,14,17-eicosatetraenoic acid primarily into 12-hydroxy-8,10,14,17-eicosatetraenoic acid .
The renal cortex does not metabolize arachidonic acid through the lipoxygenase pathway .
Rabbit renal cortical microsomes metabolize arachidonic acid to trihydroxyeicosatrienoic acids .
Resting cells were shown to metabolize 3- and 4-hydroxyphenylacetate via homogentisate and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetate .
However , few reports have discussed intestinal bacteria that metabolize daidzein into dihydrodaidzein .
Sulfolobus solfataricus P2 is able to metabolize n-propanol as the sole carbon source .
Differentiated ADHLSCs are also able to metabolize ammonium chloride and to produce urea .
They degrade lignin-containing cell walls , but do not metabolize the lignin moiety .
The bacteria tolerate the detergent and do not metabolize it .
Lipoxygenases metabolize arachidonic acid and have been involved in cancer cell proliferation and survival .
Ginseng products are usually taken orally , and human intestinal microflora may metabolize ginsenosides .
Five of the 32 strains could metabolize citrate but none of them produced exopolysaccharides .
Recent data indicate that bacteria--although short lived--produce , metabolize and accumulate AGEs .
Pheochromocytomas are rare neuroendocrine tumors that produce , metabolize , and usually secrete catecholamines .
Strain PCC5M grew on dipicolinate but did not metabolize m-phthalate .
In turn , the colonic microorganisms metabolize dietary compounds and mediate cellular events .
Most normal human fibroblasts grown in culture do not metabolize promutagens/procarcinogens .
Cytochrome P450 monooxygenases ( P450s ) metabolize herbicides to produce mainly non-phytotoxic metabolites .
PMNL treated with PMA and/or Cetac did not metabolize N-OH-2-FAA ( 30 microM ) .
Rat liver homogenates did not metabolize [14C ] F-leurosine to any detectable extent .
Heart mitochondria metabolize 3-methylthiopropionate to CO2 and methanethiol .
More durable particles presumably require that the pathogen metabolize more resources per particle .
