Do cranial subdural hematomas migrate to the lumbar spine ?
Intravenously administered adipose-derived stromal cells migrate to sites of calvarial injury .
MSCs can migrate to sites of injury , inflammation , and tumor .
Engrafted NSC could survive and migrate in host spinal cords .
These cells had a tendency to migrate from the SVZ to the STR .
The pigment cells are the only derivative to migrate along the dorso-lateral pathway .
They migrate to the infection site and can be protective in experimental infection models .
Cells migrate out of cultured neurospheres and differentiate into both neuronal and glial cells .
Did early Homo migrate " out of " or " in to " Africa ?
Borates migrate in liquid and increase the hygroscopicity of wood in damp conditions .
It may cause a permanent detachment and/or migrate with time , decreasing visual function .
The duplicated SPBs must then separate and migrate to opposite sides of the nucleus .
Women who subsequently died were much less likely to bear children or migrate .
This in turn compromises the ability of the glioma cell to migrate and proliferate .
Implanted fiducials are visible in X-rays and did not migrate .
The aim of this study was to describe how the clips migrate .
How and why do insects migrate ?
In may therefore be concluded that these cells probably do not migrate .
Exceptionally , foreign bodies migrate and become manifest with a considerable delay .
How does a newborn cell migrate and find its target ?
Embryonic cortical neural stem cells migrate ventrally and persist as postnatal striatal stem cells .
The mechanisms by which cancer cells migrate to metastasise are not fully understood .
However , the mechanisms by which keratinocytes migrate over fibronectin are unknown .
This is an uncommon abnormality in which both gonads migrate toward the same hemiscrotum .
Compared with neutrophils , macrophages migrate significantly more slowly to an inflammatory stimulus .
Astrocytes in spinal gray matter only migrate about 1.0 mm from the graft-host interface .
The spleen can migrate anywhere in the abdomen or pelvis .
It is therefore possible to strictly define the areas into which cells can migrate .
The preexisting extracellular matrix may act as a scaffold along which fibroblasts migrate .
Migrating GnRH-1 neurons were CXCR4 immunopositive as were the fibers along which they migrate .
