This combination allows to mimic most input functions that are relevant in practice .
The synthesis of molecules able to mimic physiologically-relevant proteins is nowadays of particular interest .
Clandestine conditions : know how to identify diseases that mimic strokes .
Treatment of plagiocephaly with helmet molding therapy : do actual results mimic perception ?
Aspartates can mimic constitutively phosphorylated serines while alanines can mimic constitutively dephosphorylated serines .
Electroactive polymers have shown promising applications as transducers that can mimic biological muscle .
The pattern may mimic chiasmal compression , and neuroimaging is required .
A number of conditions can mimic CUA clinically and should be differentiated from it .
Radiological findings mimic those of tuberculous dactylitis but the involvement is bilateral and symmetric .
For this reason , lipoid pneumonia may mimic many other diseases .
In contrast , HO-1 inducer hemin could partially mimic the effects of 6-BA .
On rare occasions , EMH may mimic a neoplasm in hematologically noncompromised patients .
Gallblader tuberculosis is uncommon and may mimic a neoplasia .
NMDA receptor encephalitis has variable neuroimaging manifestations , and can mimic other entities .
Occasionally VR spaces may get massively enlarged and may mimic a cystic mass lesion .
The ring was removed after 4 days to mimic endoscopical decompression by stent deployment .
It is not known how to mimic the phospho-Thr-Xaa-phospho-Tyr motif by mutagenesis .
In this respect zeranol did not mimic castration .
Epithelioid variant of pleomorphic liposarcoma as potential mimic of metastatic carcinoma .
Towards a synthetic avidin mimic .
8-Vinyl-2'-deoxyguanosine as a fluorescent 2'-deoxyguanosine mimic for investigating DNA hybridization and topology .
It may mimic a carotid body tumor when it presents in the neck .
Bulk modulus of a protein active-site mimic .
Rational design of a Tn antigen mimic .
None of the inhibitors mimic or prevent the effects of added GRs .
Sarcoidosis may mimic and/or may occur concomitantly with numerous primary rheumatic diseases .
Dermatophytes can mimic or possibly trigger mycosis fungoides ( MF ) .
In some cases , they may mimic melanoma and cause diagnostic difficulties .
In bladder especially it can mimic malignancy and lead to serious misdiagnosis .
Occasionally , nonthyroidal lesions can mimic thyroid nodules on imaging and get wrongly aspirated .
