The ability of the strain to mineralize monocrotophos was investigated under different culture conditions .
The ability of the strains to mineralize monocrotophos was investigated under different culture conditions .
White rot fungi have been shown to mineralize a wide variety of environmental pollutants .
These osteoblasts secrete and mineralize a matrix during a period of 3-4 weeks .
Acclimated cultures were shown to mineralize methylene chloride to carbon dioxide and chloride .
These osteoblasts secrete and mineralize a matrix during a period of 3-4 wk .
The ability of the C4-2B cells to mineralize under specific conditions was analyzed .
It was difficult for 14C-metsulfuron-methyl to mineralize to 14CO2 in an alkaline soil .
Certain avian tendons are known to mineralize normally in a gender-related manner .
The results show that persulfate at 40degreesC can effectively mineralize DMP .
Synergy of ozonation and photocatalysis to mineralize low concentration 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid in aqueous solution .
The radiolabeled study showed that soil microbes mineralize TNT .
B2 can mineralize MP rapidly via PNP , 4-NC , BT and HQ pathway .
These three bacteria could completely mineralize acetochlor by the cooperative metabolism .
The moderately halophilic bacteria Halomonas halophila mineralize calcium carbonate in the calcite polymorph .
Fungi can extensively degrade or mineralize a variety of nitroaromatic compounds .
Cells grown in ascorbate and beta-glycerophosphate produce alkaline phosphatase and osteocalcin and mineralize matrix .
Young-donor hOBs grew more quickly than old-donor hOBs and did not mineralize .
Matrix vesicles isolated from tendons mineralize in vitro .
This nidus can then mineralize if the balance of pro-mineralizing factors outweighs inhibitory factors .
Only in the presence of organic phosphate did they mineralize .
Enamel matrix secreted in the presence of fluoride did not mineralize .
UMR106-01 BSP cultures consistently form bone-like mineral , whereas the UI subclone mineralize gradually .
Circulating osteoprogenitor cells mineralize in vitro and in vivo .
Those cells have the capacity to differentiate into osteoblasts and mineralize in vitro .
