Transfusion strategies and steps to minimize perioperative bleeding are needed .
Furthermore , suggestions and recommendations to minimize future ISR failures are provided .
Understanding sources of flavors in whey protein is crucial to minimize flavor .
Stem cells may have the potential to minimize injury and promote recovery after stroke .
The design aims to minimize spherical aberration and improve range of focus .
The authors discuss a strategy to minimize nurse anxiety and enhance nurse autonomy .
A prompt and optimal treatment without delay may minimize the damage to the brain .
CONCLUSIONS Candidate donors may minimize psychiatric symptoms .
Early diagnosis and early treatment will minimize cardiac and neurological morbidities .
New approaches are needed to minimize the potential for adverse outcomes during this period .
The Pringle maneuver has its applications to minimize blood loss during hepatic resection .
Ways to minimize these adverse effects in ECT are suggested .
Engineering of therapeutic antibodies to minimize immunogenicity and optimize function .
Learning to minimize energy costs and maximize mechanical work in a bimanual coordination task .
Treatment algorithms that minimize exposure to heparin and contraindicate platelet transfusions merit further study .
Forces between clustered stereocilia minimize friction in the ear on a subnanometre scale .
Health professionals would also minimize expenditure by missing meals and walking to work .
Selective inhibition of the liver phosphorylase isoform could minimize adverse effects in other tissues .
Prostin-15M serves to minimize bleeding and to maintain uterine position after replacement .
Therapeutic considerations to minimize or to prevent anoxic brain damage are offered .
Cosmetic therapy aims to minimize or remove the excess hair either temporarily or permanently .
Efforts to individualize chemotherapy or minimize surgical interventions without compromising outcome are important .
Measures to minimize ocular trauma both in the home and at school are advocated .
Group housing benefits sow well-being and when planned properly can minimize aggression during mixing .
Rats minimize hyperglycemia during chronic glucose infusion , but the metabolic processes are unclear .
Biomechanically and ergonomically correct seating can minimize back and neck strain .
The placebo response in medicine : minimize , maximize or personalize ?
These strategies may minimize or eliminate C. philippinensis infection in Thailand .
