Staff miss danger signs .
All classifications can miss patients with definite AKI .
Osteoporosis guidelines miss big picture .
Such errors will also displace the field to miss the target periphery .
Screening series identify most cases of acrylate allergy but miss a substantial number .
Therefore , ZFN-Site does not miss potential off-target sites .
Conventional molecular diagnosis is highly reliable for point mutations but can miss gross rearrangements .
Staff-model HMOs : do n't blink or you 'll miss them !
Personal interaction can get lost and nurses sometimes miss humorous attempts made by patients .
Out of all responders , 34 % did not miss having regular follow-up visits .
RCTs may miss clinically important benefits because of inadequate attention to sample size .
As a result , many high-risk patients miss some suitable interventions .
However , many patients miss sperm banking , and consequently are often sterile .
Child mortality is falling but some developing regions will miss millennium targets .
The plan would miss one calf thrombus and result in treating three patients unnecessarily .
In real-life practice DMD-treated patients miss 30 % of doses .
Would you miss these clues to a vitamin C deficiency ?
Routine post-operative serum calcium is advocated so as not to miss latent hypoparathyroidism .
Providers should not miss opportunities to deliver evidence-based SRH to sexually active adolescents .
Will doctors miss out again ?
Silent gastro-oesophageal reflux : how much do we miss ?
Current screening methods miss up to 18 % of newborns with severe hip dysplasia .
Nurse researchers miss out on funds .
Routine scaphoid x-rays miss over 20 % of all scaphoid fractures .
Little is known about which patients miss appointments or why they do so .
As to the future trophocytes , they miss zygotene and reach directly diakinesis .
Which Chinese men who have sex with men miss out on HIV testing ?
This bias is understandable because one does not want to miss out malnourished children .
CDS are under-diagnosed because easy to miss in standard diagnostic workup .
