How to identify and mobilize a retracted subscapularis tear .
A washing procedure to mobilize mixed contaminants from soil : I .
Its capability to mobilize HSCs suggests potential clinical applications in HSC transplantation .
A washing procedure to mobilize mixed contaminants from soil : II .
Xanthine oxidase is able to mobilize iron from ferritin .
The F-factor was found to mobilize pMB1 efficiently for conjugal transfer .
Cytotoxic T cells mobilize effector proteins from prestored lysosomal compartments .
However , phosphate addition can mobilize arsenic ( As ) from the tailings .
It has been proposed that transposases of related transposons could mobilize MITEs in trans .
Cells mobilize diverse signaling cascades to protect against stress-mediated injury .
Parent-buddies helped non-English-speaking mothers mobilize their strengths .
Most of the elicitors mobilize the second messenger calcium , to trigger plant defences .
The consortium was also shown to desorb and mobilize 2,4,6-TCP in soils .
Patients who have less pain may mobilize secretions , heal , and recover faster .
They are released upon lack of energy and mobilize internal fuel reserves .
This helped to mobilize and further retract the trigeminal root .
It is intended to minimize complications and to mobilize and motivate the patients early .
Nigeria set up Partners-in-Health to mobilize and motivate mothers to accept the programme .
Mutant seedlings mobilize their triacylglycerol very slowly and growth is insensitive to 2,4-dichlorophenoxybutyric acid .
Lysophospholipids of different classes mobilize neutrophil secretory vesicles and induce redundant signaling through G2A .
Adenine nucleotides mobilize cellular Ca2+ and inhibit parathyroid hormone secretion .
Patients were kept flat for 15min and allowed to fully mobilize at 60min .
The flap is ease to mobilize with no harmful effects on the testicles .
Feminists can also mobilize against the indifference with which policy-makers consider population policies .
Keeping physically active is important for people who mobilize using a wheelchair .
Plerixafor has been recently introduced combined with G-CSF in patients who mobilize poorly .
Hospitals must mobilize again .
They also counsel the rural and tribal women and mobilize them for collective action .
