It is of high interest to model the corresponding regulatory networks .
Existing pragmatic approaches are a first crude step to model food pollutant intake .
Our objective is to mathematically model the noise in the data .
Multilevel logistic regression was used to model community effects on each indicator of well-being .
Regression methods were used to model this proportion according to LBW prevalence levels .
This data is used to model activities in critical care environments .
Behavioral defects in chaperone-deficient Alzheimer 's disease model mice .
Our novel development also suggests new approaches to model search and computation .
A practical approach to model selection for support vector machines with a Gaussian kernel .
We model dependence of the output variable on the predictors by a regression tree .
Via this modified LSM , we model each nanogel as a deformable particle .
Based on the template information users can model the tertiary structure of protein .
Anticonvulsant and antioxidant actions of trimetazidine in pentylenetetrazole - induced kindling model in mice .
Possible anomalous spin dynamics of the Hubbard model on a honeycomb lattice .
[Establishment of human colorectal tissue model in HIV-1 mucosal infection ] .
Applying direct observation to model workflow and assess adoption .
Approximation errors and model reduction in optical tomography .
Participation was limited to 8 to match and model 8 learners/small group in workshops .
Effect of repeat dose of BCG vaccination on humoral response in mice model .
Effects of NMDA receptor modulators on a blood-brain barrier in vitro model .
The accountable care delivery model .
ModeRNA can also model DNA structures or use them as templates .
We numerically model the DFG process and show good agreement between simulations and experiments .
Bayesian model choice and search strategies for mapping interacting quantitative trait Loci .
To model or not to model ?
To model or not to model : lessons from two vaccinations .
A four parameter logistic function is used to model and assess the data .
In our simulation we model two treatments and consider several scenarios .
In this paper , we model femur and define three parameters .
These methods largely model short peptides or address large proteins by simplifying conformational space .
