Chemical post-modifications also allow to significantly modify the film properties .
They may also help the surgeon plan and modify the procedure if possible .
SNPs are known to modify susceptibility to complex diseases .
Gender did not modify the results .
Bosentan did not significantly modify these parameters .
Likewise , memory , aging , and AD modify 5-HT6 receptors and signaling cascades .
In conclusion , broilers modify their feeding behaviour according to the prevailing light schedule .
Genetic engineering of flavonoid pigments to modify flower color in floricultural plants .
Addition of voice prompts does neither modify CPR quality nor outcome in OHCA .
Persistent traditions could , theoretically , modify selection pressures and influence genetic evolution .
Supplementation with FPP did not modify alpha-tocopherol depletion but significantly improved redox balance parameters .
Sensory experience during development can modify the CNS and alter adult perceptual skills .
Liver cirrhosis increased CGRP release , but did not modify cGMP formation .
P2X7 receptors trigger ATP exocytosis and modify secretory vesicle dynamics in neuroblastoma cells .
LPS treatment is known to modify the expression of some transporters and induce cholestasis .
More research is needed to identify interventions that can modify behavior in clinical settings .
Two genotype-dependent effects appear to modify community structure in this system .
Intraoperative imaging was found to modify surgery in a substantial number of patients .
For example , secreted CEH may modify lipoproteins and affect their interactions with cells .
During apoptotic cell death , biochemical processes modify self-proteins and create potential autoantigens .
These reactive aldehydes can structurally modify proteins by covalent interaction and inhibit enzyme function .
Hypnosis has been shown to modify and reduce the intensity of itching as well .
Humic acid ( HA ) is widely used to modify and stabilize colloid suspensions .
We aim to modify and apply this tool to advanced laparoscopic operations .
Cocaine did not substitute for morphine or modify LCR compared with saline control .
New therapies are under investigation and should modify treatment paradigms in the future .
Serum triglycerides are correlated with PCSK9 and modify risk prediction by PCSK9 .
To perform segmentation , we novelly modify and extend active shape model method .
These data modify and extend previous ideas of the organization of spinal white matter .
Sympathectomy with 6-OHDA did not modify nor abolish ouabain toxicity .
