Such an arrangement may influence cytoplasmic streaming and as such modulate cell extension .
N and C were able to modulate VEGF mRNA expression in HUVEC .
Acetylcholine is an additional mediator to modulate activation of interacting T and B lymphocytes .
Corticosteroids modulate angiogenic soluble factors in ulcerative colitis patients .
Visfatin did not modulate PPARgamma expression .
Certainly , 5-HT6 drugs modulate memory , which are accompanied with neural changes .
The rates of entering and exiting this intermediate state modulate pausing by RNAP .
Physiologically relevant divalent cations modulate citrate recognition by the McpS chemoreceptor .
Both ITGalpha1 and DDR2 modulate MMP-13 expression after direct contact between chondrocytes and collagen .
Surfactants appear to modulate interfacial anion coverage via electrostatic interactions with charged headgroups .
The adhesive area is important to modulate cell behaviors on a substrate .
Conversely , host factors can affect microbes , which in turn modulate disease susceptibility .
MicroRNAs ( miRNAs ) negatively modulate gene expression and have been implicated in oncogenesis .
Cytokines modulate deriving immune processes and influence the local micro-environment .
Estrogen may modulate intracellular Ca2+ and prevent inflammation .
Propofol causes less inflammatory mediator release and can also modulate the balance of cytokines .
Bisphosphonates are antiatherosclerotic , suppress monocyte-macrophages , and modulate proinflammatory mediators .
Alpha-fetoprotein ( AFP ) interacts with and may modulate fetal responses to estrogens .
The hydrophilic cyclodextrin family also modulate drug flux through membranes but via different mechanisms .
First , NMDA receptors modulate neuronal plasticity during the development and even long after .
Dietary manipulations can modulate substrate use during exercise and can potentially affect exercise performance .
Immunologic mechanisms by which pregnancy might modulate RA activity are described .
The signaling pathways by which mechanical forces modulate fetal lung development remain largely unknown .
Our results present novel mechanisms by which Mesd and LRP6 modulate Wnt signaling .
Aerobes constantly make reactive species , but modulate their actions by synthesizing antioxidants .
Endocannabinoids function as retrograde messengers and modulate synaptic transmission through presynaptic cannabinoid CB1 receptors .
Using suggestion to modulate automatic processes : from Stroop to McGurk and beyond .
It is appealing for targeted therapy , because it does not shed or modulate .
Using molecular adjuvants to modulate and skew immune responses .
This series of events may occur to modulate and activate the immune response .
