At the beginning of postnuptial molt ( when the old , worn dawny- , and cover feathers ' loss starts ) in ganders , the levels of T , E2 , P4 decrease while DHEA and B significantly increase .
At the end of postnuptial molt - when the outgrowth of dawny , cover- , and wing feathers stops - very low T , E2 , P4 , DHEA and T4 levels and and high T3 plasma levels were found in both sexes .
We also tested whether ( 1 ) baseline CORT levels early in the season were predictive of subsequent reproductive success and ( 2 ) whether prior reproductive effort influenced CORT levels and blood metabolites during molt .
Plasma levels of testosterone ( T ) , 17-beta-estradiol ( E2 ) , progesterone ( P4 ) , dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) , corticosterone ( B ) , thyroxine ( T4 ) and triiodothyronine ( T3 ) were monitored during postnuptial and the prenuptial molt in domestic goose ( Anser anser domesticus ) in both sexes .
Corticosterone stress response and plasma metabolite levels during breeding and molt in a free-living migratory songbird , the wood thrush ( Hylocichla mustelina ) .
Many birds face energetic trade-offs between different life history stages , such as reproductive effort , feather molt and the non-breeding period .
By contrast , about one-third of SD larvae from which only the brain has been removed , undergo first a larval molt , then pupate and subsequently developed to the adult stage .
We captured both males and females during four times of the year-Spring ( when the male cloacal protuberance indicated birds were in breeding condition ) , Fall , Winter , and in the late summer when birds were undergoing a prebasic molt .
Indeed , the only stages that required elevated salinity were copulation and subsequent oviposition , and we speculate that freshwater inhibits the female pre-reproductive molt .
Cyclic decrease of oxygen consumption during molt and sharp dropping during metamorphosis have been observed in insects with indirect development .
Exposure to LD 8:16 induced weight gain , molt to a winter pelage , and in contrast to previous studies , regression of the male , but not the female , reproductive tract .
We used information on the congruence of spatial heterogeneity in molt and breeding location to study population processes in Barn Swallows ( Hirundo rustica ) from a region. near Chernobyl , Ukraine , that has been radioactively contaminated since 1986 ; from an uncontaminated control region near Kanev , Ukraine ; and from a sample of pre-1986 museum specimens used to investigate patterns prior to the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl , from both regions .
The third molt occurred between 9 and 17 DAI .
The last molt occurred between 24 and 32 DAI .
The observations in the present study provide further evidence to suggest that a molt initiated through the administration of a wheat bran diet can reduce the risk for Salmonella problems in a commercial egg-producing setting .
Field observations indicated that all four species regress their gonads and begin prebasic feather molt in late summer or autumn .
We also recorded the annual molt of wing feathers .
Treatment with the dopamine agonist , CB-154 , resulted in a reduction in serum prolactin and the development of the white pelage in lemmings housed under 16L:8D , while treatment with the dopamine antagonist , sulpiride , prevented the winter molt in animals transferred to 8L:16D .
Debrained LD larvae molt to larvae exceptionally but regularly pupate and produce adults .
As in the natural host ( the cat ) , the nematodes ' third molt in nude mice occurred at 7 to 10 days .
The molt to the white winter pelage began under a longer photoperiod in females ( 16L:8D ) than in males ( 14L:10D ) .
Insulin - regulated growth of the prothoracic glands appears to play a critical role in timing the last larval molt , and hence metamorphosis .
Castration advanced molt and hair follicle activity , whereas testosterone implants delayed both molt and hair growth .
Clinical signs included delayed molt ; uniform , diffuse contour feather loss over the entire body ; and excessive fat deposition over the legs and ventral portion of the abdomen .
Small 5th instar pseudoparasitized hosts , which normally would molt to a 6th instar prior to metamorphosis , but which precociously attained the prepupal stage , also had a strongly reduced ecdysteroid titer .
The larvae molt into fourth stage larvae ( L4 ) , and at each stage they produce L3-excretory-secretory products ( L3-ESP ) and L4-ESP , respectively , which are different in their main protein constituents .
They molt frequently and resorb cuticular CaCO ( 3 ) before the molt to prevent excessive loss of Ca ( 2+ ) ions when the old cuticle is shed .
The quantitative and qualitative variations of ecdysteroid in the different situations ( male or female , normal or inhibited cycles ) are presented in relation to apolysis , epidermic activity , ecdysis , and secondary vitellogenesis in females , emphasizing the importance not only of ecdysteroids , but also of the MI-ME X-organ in monitoring molt and blood preparation in mysids .
We investigated post-juvenal molt and premigratory fattening in free-ranging juvenile White-crowned Sparrows ( Zonotrichia leucophrys gambelii ) on the Arctic tundra .
Interestingly , no matter which instar was parasitized , the parasitoid did not molt to the 3rd instar until the 4th instar host had reached a depth of about 0.23 mm ( Stage 4-5 ) and had initiated the nymphal-adult molt and adult development .
