Parents employed various techniques to control and monitor their children 's sexual activities .
This article describes a telephone survey in 2008 to monitor non-communicable diseases .
Unfortunately , underweight is the indicator officially used to monitor progress towards MDG 1 .
Automated text-messaging is a feasible method to monitor appetite ratings in this population .
Governmental regulations emphasizing the need to monitor chirality in drug development have increased .
CA-125 is commonly used to monitor disease progression and treatment response in ovarian cancer .
The goal was to monitor growth and compare data with other infants with PWS .
Constantly monitor compliance , and intervene when necessary .
Meetings were scheduled to monitor those changes and renew the CQI process .
Miniaturized sensors to monitor simulated lunar locomotion .
Second , they monitor the cultural standing of potential informants .
Acid-sensing ion channels ( ASICs ) in mammals monitor acid sensing and mechanoreception .
The CPR feedback provides an effective means to monitor and improve CPR performance .
Methods used to monitor and evaluate activity include the use of innovative hand-held computers .
Measures were taken to monitor and control for head movement during data acquisition .
It can also noninvasively monitor stem cell migration following iron oxide prelabeling .
Most importantly , it can noninvasively monitor proliferation dynamically for prolonged time periods .
Serum pepsinogen levels to monitor gastrointestinal nematode infections in cattle revisited .
Single-shot beam-position monitor for x-ray free electron laser .
A close endoscopic follow-up is required to monitor for recurrence .
High-risk tumors need aggressive treatment and vigilant surveillance to monitor for recurrence .
It can dynamically monitor the response to treatment and might aid pre-clinical management decisions .
Rapid ioPTH assay can reliably monitor parathyroid function after thyroidectomy and predict postoperative hypocalcemia .
Registry staff continually monitor the quality of data collection and provide additional training .
Virus isolation is needed to monitor new influenza strains and for vaccine development .
Assist an oral surgeon in preparing intravenous lines and monitor a patient during sedation .
We were able to monitor mortality during the war and after .
Wearable wireless heart rate monitor for continuous long-term variability studies .
Development and validation of a physical activity monitor for use on a wheelchair .
Validation of a transient pain monitor in healthy volunteers .
