Therefore , women may have evolved psychological mechanisms that motivate rape avoidance behaviors .
This article reports the factors that motivate this behavior .
Perceived risk may then be used to motivate preventive health behaviours .
These problems motivate the search for new treatment strategies .
The results motivate design strategies for engineering components that can reliably self-assemble .
Moral elevation consists of a suite of responses that motivate prosocial action tendencies .
This report may motivate other health authorities to initiate CRC screening campaigns .
The diagnosis of cancer can motivate survivors to alter their lifestyle habits .
Psychiatrists and caregivers should motivate patients to take advantage of such offers .
A real EST data set is used to motivate and illustrate the proposed method .
Mobile phones have the potential to motivate and educate obese children as well .
To motivate and encourage individuals to assume responsibility for their own oral health .
These findings should motivate counselors to deal with sexually abused children .
It is unknown whether SMBG can motivate adherence to dietary recommendations .
Factors that motivate physician faculty members in a medical school to teach CME courses .
To motivate healthcare professionals , with a focus on improving hand hygiene compliance .
A four-session behaviour-based protocol was developed to motivate self-efficacy through illness management skills .
However , Pavlovian cues were completely unable to motivate lever pressing in mutant mice .
The results enable and motivate continued exploration of Rung 3.5 functional forms .
Cut the platitudes and motivate staff .
These initial experiences are promising and motivate further research to improve the microdialysis technique .
Officers should motivate their soldiers and supervise vector control measures .
These motivate the employee and make it easier to introduce innovation .
It tells managers how they can motivate themselves and whether they can motivate others .
Factors that motivate and hinder blood donation in Greece .
Factors that motivate or prevent them from doing so are examined .
We motivate and apply the novel techniques using astrophysical and oceanographic data examples .
Values guide and potentially motivate people in their lives .
They should try to motivate their patients to stop smoking and offer their support .
