These changes decrease the body 's ability to mount protective antibody responses .
Tolerant BALB-neuT mice revealed a reduced ability to mount polarized Th1 responses .
The capacity to mount a local memory IgA response seems especially important .
Social insects are able to mount both group-level and individual defences against pathogens .
Accumbens lesion in female rats increases mount rejection without modifying lordosis .
Eukaryotic cells are able to mount several genetically complex cellular responses to DNA damage .
Do cardiomyocytes mount an immune response to Group A Streptococcus ?
Whole mount in situ hybridization methodology for Schistosoma mansoni .
Chickens mount antibody responses to both pathogens , which indicate something other than commensalism .
As antibody findings mount , what comes next ?
Virus DNA translocation : progress towards a first ascent of mount pretty difficult .
A whole mount specimen was observed after the reaction in a X-galactocidase substrate .
Extremely preterm infants mount lower antibody responses than term infants to several vaccines .
Mice lacking CD21 and CD35 proteins mount effective immune responses against Borrelia burgdorferi infection .
After secondary infection , Teff cells mount a robust response from the memory pool .
Muscimol treatment in the saline-exposed group increased the mount and intromission latencies .
Neuroglial cells define brain homeostasis and mount defense against pathological insults .
CSE appeared to shorten penis erection latency and mount latency in castrated rats .
Protests mount to cuts in translation services in the Netherlands .
Frustrations mount over China 's high-priced hunt for trophy professors .
Protests mount against Libyan trial .
C57BL/6 mice mount a Th1 response and resolve infection .
The rats mount a cell-bound response to EP , but encephalomyelitis does not develop .
The adapter was easy to mount and detach without discomfort .
DOI increased mounting and/or mount plus thrusting behavior in adult males with receptive females .
Both compounds triggered intense male antennation and mount when applied to solvent-washed female cadavers .
The STZ rats showed significant deficits in mount , intromission , and ejaculatory behaviors .
This technique is a suitable alternative to conventional whole mount and frozen sectioning methods .
Measurements of penis length at mount , intromission , and ejaculation .
