There is a global move from individual to group housing of gestating sows .
This paradigm shift imposes to move from a reductionistic to a systems biology approach .
The first change was designed to move from observation to engagement .
Why do stigmas move in a flexistylous plant ?
Tobacco firms move to stop FDA banning menthol cigarettes .
Spanish move away from Mediterranean diet .
A community forum was held to develop recommendations and move these themes to action .
These knowledge domains need to move forward together to ensure success .
This rapidly progressed to paraparesis with an inability to move the lower extremities .
Union concern over plan to move public health to local authorities .
Evidence-based nutrition is essential to move forward in the science of community nutrition .
Thus , myosin II requires motor activity to move forward onto F-actin in protrusions .
Bacteria move towards favourable and away from toxic environments by changing their swimming pattern .
Immediately after seeding , the cells move in streams and rotate around their axes .
The radius and hand move in relation to and function about the distal ulna .
We should strive to fulfill the Helsinki Declaration and move even beyond that .
Asters move either toward the cell center or away from it .
Cells of Escherichia coli sense and move toward chemical attractants .
Recent studies have suggested that it can move processively if it forms a dimer .
Do birds of a feather move together ?
Spinal cord injury : time to move .
Kinetochore fibres ( K-fibres ) of the spindle apparatus move chromosomes during mitosis .
The study indicates that HBO2 can move cyanide from tissue to blood .
The mechanisms that move chromatids poleward during anaphase A have fascinated researchers for decades .
The precompetitive space : time to move the yardsticks .
Humans and other primates move their eyes more often than their hearts beat .
Giant proteins that move DNA : bullies of the genomic playground .
At high charge , the vesicle adheres but does not move .
Cut and move : protein machinery for DNA processing in bacterial conjugation .
Move up or move out .
