Ability of bacteria to multiply at a given temperature was also determined .
However , vir- clones failed to multiply inside the macrophages .
Escherichia coli was observed to multiply in the mill .
In the environment , legionellae multiply in amoebae .
Phytopathogenic spiroplasmas can multiply in vascular plants and insects .
Periodontopathogenic bacteria multiply in the environmental amoeba Acanthamoeba castellani .
It is often labor-intensive to multiply such lines , due to low AF .
Multivariate outlier detection applied to multiply imputed laboratory data .
Volumetric optical disks comprising multiple data layers have been proposed to multiply recording density .
Cells loose their capability to multiply and to differentiate when they are serial subcultivated .
Many species of fungi produce ephemeral autumnal fruiting bodies to spread and multiply .
The few intracellular bacteria seemed to be within vacuoles and did not multiply .
In the seed pulque , the strains did not multiply and tended to die .
Peroxisomes multiply by division of existing organelles and can be formed from ER .
Chlamydia pneumoniae multiply in neutrophil granulocytes and delay their spontaneous apoptosis .
Adult SC are rare and cannot multiply as the ES .
Chloroplasts arose from a cyanobacterial endosymbiont and multiply by division .
They are found in virtually all eukaryotic cells and basically multiply by division .
As the role continues to evolve and grow , the growing pains will multiply .
Improvements multiply at Tri-City .
It is assumed that cells possessing receptors multiply to form the mature tissue .
Brucella are invasive gram-negative bacteria that multiply and survive within eukaryotic cells causing brucellosis .
For cells to multiply and survive these areas must eventually be replicated .
These mesenchyme cells multiply and differentiate into chondrocytes during a 6-day culture period .
A multiply convergent platform for the synthesis of trioxacarcins .
Correlation transfer equation for ultrasound-modulated multiply scattered light .
Characterisation of the chick brain high molecular weight multiply phosphorylated microtubule associated protein .
How to multiply a matrix of normal equations by an arbitrary vector using FFT .
To interpret PSA concentrations in patients taking finasteride , multiply them by two .
