The present study was designed to test this association and to narrow down the list of candidate genes in the minimal region of genomic loss on chromosome arm 16q .
Following confirmation of an EWSR1 rearrangement by the use of EWSR1 breakpoint flanking probes , a fluorescence in situ hybridization positional cloning strategy was used to further narrow the 4q31 breakpoint .
This study informs community science , and seeks to narrow the research-to-practice gap , by examining how the interpersonal networks within a setting influence individuals ' use of interventions .
Identification of the population origin of an individual is very useful for crime investigators who need to narrow down a suspect based on specimens left at a crime scene .
Our results predict that the width of the hybrid zone will continue to narrow over time , a finding consistent with reinforcement theory .
The cuboctahedral cages serve as building blocks that narrow the opening of the mesocavities into microwindows and stabilize these MOFs .
Finally , an imaging-based algorithm is presented as a guide to help radiologists narrow their differential diagnoses .
Microarray expression analysis of RNA from a continuous developmental series of murine retinas identified murine orthologs with regulated expression and these data helped to narrow the number of candidate genes in minimal region to 35 .
Because the differential diagnosis for glomerulonephritis ( GN ) is broad , using a classification schema is helpful to narrow the causes of GN in a systematic manner .
To use a mechanical stapler in vascular anastomosis , some special preparations of both the aorta and the artificial graft are necessary to narrow the open end before the procedures .
A boomerang-shaped alar base excision is described to narrow the nasal base and correct the excessive alar flare .
Finally , in CHF patients , the versatility of CMR to assess function , flow , perfusion , and viability and to characterize tissue is helpful to narrow the differential diagnosis and to monitor treatment .
A few organizing principles help to focus the evaluation and narrow the differential diagnosis .
