Increasing efficiency and reducing costs over time will necessitate careful strategic planning .
Experimental space restrictions and dynamic range requirements necessitate designs that stress the analytical assumptions .
Large interinstrument differences necessitate calibration of corneal backscatter measurements .
None of the side effects were severe enough to necessitate treatment discontinuation .
Present limitations include limited temporal resolution and necessitate further improvement of the system .
The results indicate that incomplete removal does not always seem to necessitate subsequent surgery .
These findings necessitate long-term follow-up beyond childhood .
Despite widespread availability , various medical conditions necessitate caffeine - restricted diets .
This will necessitate studies using actual patient telephone vignettes rather than simulated ones .
Perforation is a potential complication of this treatment and may necessitate surgical intervention .
Skin-flap loss compromises the aesthetic result and may necessitate revisional surgery .
However , delivery of the device can be difficult and may necessitate adjunctive procedures .
These events may necessitate additional investigations and interventions and may prolong the hospital stay .
Three patients necessitate multiple sessions of endoscopic dilatation and 15 had favourable evolution .
Successful limitation of homologous blood transfusion may necessitate multiple strategies and advance planning .
The authors necessitate increasing the number of autopsies in cases of death at home .
This would necessitate that the axons are able to transiently enlarge their diameter considerably .
Resource limitation may necessitate performing these operations nights and weekends .
This was of sufficient degree to necessitate methotrexate withdrawal in two cases .
No side effects of such severity as to necessitate interruption of therapy were observed .
Chronic ulcers that do not heal necessitate closure with a graft .
The defects can be large and may necessitate complex reconstruction with hair-bearing tissue .
Complex interventions are not straightforward and necessitate a monitoring process at trial stage .
Side effects were minimal and did not necessitate discontinuation of therapy in any patient .
These and other findings necessitate further investigation and confirmation .
Problems with graft strength or stiffness may necessitate further surgery .
The presence of residual tumor after surgery for pituitary adenoma may necessitate further treatment .
