These conclusions need to be validated in a larger controlled study population .
Our policy of planned cesarean section may need to be revised .
Clinicians need to maintain a high index of suspicion to identify these patients .
It is known that older persons need integrated primary health care .
That is what ultimately will bring effective treatments to those who need them .
6/34 medications which need dose-adjustment were unadjusted .
In particular we need to understand the role that informal communication plays .
The need for public engagement in choosing health priorities .
These findings suggest that surveyed providers need more training in tobacco cessation services .
Innovation is key in healthcare , but one stubborn problem does n't need much .
Predictors of substance abuse treatment need and receipt among homeless women .
Radiation need not be feared , but it must be respected .
Results need confirmation through more appropriate 3D PL modelling .
Markers of chemotherapy efficacy still need validation studies before coming into routine practice .
Quetiapine and olanzapine especially need attention after clozapine - associated granulocytopenia .
Do all ionic liquids need organic cations ?
This allows to identify patients who need more aggressive treatment .
Managing adult patients who need home parenteral nutrition .
Some of these are promising but need further study .
Optimal roughness and superficial morphology are still controversial and need to be clearly defined .
As a result , these parameters have imperfection and need to be improved further .
Patient assessment is good , but support services need improvement .
No , but they need a careful look .
Some patients do not need the internal stabilization and are observed conservatively .
Alternative kidney biomarkers of renal function in cirrhosis are promising and need further investigation .
The results of that theory are approximate and need verification .
They have fewer complications , need fewer antibiotics and are less often re-hospitalised .
The skinny on weight-loss surgery : what occupational health nurses need to know .
It is this subgroup which we need to identify early and treat vigorously .
Providing health care to Vietnamese in America : what practitioners need to know .
