Exploiting cross-reactivity to neutralize two different scorpion venoms with one single chain antibody fragment .
MPER-specific antibodies induce gp120 shedding and irreversibly neutralize HIV-1 .
This fact led us to find therapeutical alternatives able to neutralize circulating endotoxin .
A subset of these mutants did , however , neutralize HXBc2 viral infection .
Antibodies against swine influenza virus neutralize the pandemic influenza virus A / H1N1 .
Neutralization assays demonstrate that these mAbs effectively neutralize lethal toxin in vitro .
Individual organ systems induce unique profiles of cytoprotective enzymes to neutralize heme in SCD .
These antibodies were unable to neutralize viral infectivity under neutral or acidic conditions .
Antisera were tested for their potential to neutralize HCV by 3 currently available assays .
The other involves antibodies to the envelope protein which crossreact with and neutralize IL-2 .
Opposite effects could superpose or neutralize each other .
ME pretreatment was found to neutralize the cytotoxicity and prevent Abeta 25-35-induced cells injury .
IL-6 mAb could neutralize IL-6 , and ameliorate myocarditis and reduce heart autoimmune responses .
9G4+ antibodies isolated from HIV-infected patients neutralize HIV-1 and have distinct autoreactivity profiles .
Some of these molecules neutralize scorpion neurotoxins and protect mice from experimental envenoming .
Immunoglobulin A antibodies against internal HIV-1 proteins neutralize HIV-1 replication inside epithelial cells .
Studies suggest that galactosaminoglycans neutralize tenascin activity through interactions with cell surface molecules .
Anti-SS antibody can neutralize SS as well as IP activities in a neutralization assay .
The host immune response has developed many mechanisms to neutralize and remove pathogen bacteria .
PEHRG214 was found to potently neutralize and lyse HIV-1 particles .
Subsequent evaporation of the extracts allows to neutralize and to concentrate the samples .
Once in the mitochondria , they rapidly neutralize free radicals and decrease mitochondrial toxicity .
This should , in addition relieve bronchospasm , neutralize precipitating factors and reduce inflammation .
Indifferent electrolytes neutralize at increased concentration the surface charge but do not reverse it .
Antibodies neutralize and clear pathogens , thereby protecting against infectious diseases .
EV71 antibodies can neutralize or enhance infection at subneutralizing levels .
Tamoxifen , a synthetic nonsteroidal antiestrogen , can neutralize or down-regulate TGF-beta .
