Insulin treatment failed to normalize glucagon levels .
Mechanical assistance to normalize the circulation is being investigated and holds some promise .
Capsule volume was determined from alginate or PFC content and used to normalize measurements .
It can normalize genes of different species simultaneously .
While it normalized movement peak speed , it did not normalize movement amplitude .
Chronic insulin treatment of diabetes does not fully normalize alterations in the retinal transcriptome .
Methylprednisolone helped normalize her level of C1 INH and ameliorate the clinical course .
In these latter patients , desferrioxamine reduced but did not normalize the iron balance .
Topical minoxidil seems to normalize hair follicles and increase blood flow to the scalp .
Left ventricular wall motion began to normalize 12 +/- 3 sec after balloon deflation .
In fact , S100A1 seems to normalize cardiac function after myocardial infarction .
The delta method was used to normalize the data before bivariant correlation analysis .
The acute changes appear to normalize between three-six months post injury .
Both of these parameters tended to normalize between 96 and 120 hr after treatment .
The elevated enzyme activity tended to normalize during convalescence .
Those drugs transiently normalize tumor vessels and ultimately provoke vascular regression .
EACA and clotting factors normalize the TEG and arrest PSC .
The newer percutaneous VADs can normalize cardiac index and can be implanted without surgery .
Biplane myocardial mechanics normalize after aortic valve replacement ( AVR ) .
His prothrombin time did not normalize with intravenous vitamin K .
White matter abnormalities in dystonia normalize after botulinum toxin treatment .
A python module to normalize microarray data by the quantile adjustment method .
Nimodipine and verapamil normalize cerebral pH following middle cerebral artery occlusion in the rat .
[ Pyridoxine can normalize oxaluria in idiopathic renal lithiasis ] .
A Bayesian procedure was used to normalize and convert raw signals to expression ratios .
The body composition improved but did not normalize .
Compliance improved but did not normalize .
However , our data suggest that appearance does not fully " normalize . "
Then , we normalize to get the best choice for the helical energy .
MII patterns 10 weeks after surgery do not normalize .
