The other is to observe the axungia degree of the liver .
Confocal laser scanning microscopy was used to observe the proper adhesion of the cells .
Light microscopy and electron microscopy were used to observe liver morphology .
Yet we could observe increased bruising under the sole external compression treatment .
In our series we did not observe tumour progression in spite of incomplete excision .
We did not observe any effects following the 10-s plasma treatment .
We did not observe severe arrhythmias , minor gastrointestinal bleeding occurred in 2 % .
We did not observe any late-developing paramolar or distomolar ST .
We did not observe any non-specific binding .
Evolutionary biologists have exploited this to observe evolution in real time .
Immunofluorescence was used to observe SK2 channel protein distribution on right atrial appendage .
It is important to observe the nystagmus periodically after onset .
We observe that persistence acts as an excellent quantifier to describe this transition .
We also observe that RuBisCO Large Subunit accumulation is perturbed .
We observe that pulse-splitting occurs for super-Gaussian pulses , but not for Gaussian pulses .
SEM was employed to observe the fractured surface and analyze the fracture mechanisms .
Good agreement was obtained between calculated and observe values .
We were able to observe the inner space , and fly through the PDA .
The hippocampal neuronal loss was observe with light microscope .
We did n't observe serious ventricular arrhytmias in the both subgroups .
In addition , we observe that dRASSF also possesses a tumor-suppressor function .
The field of proteomics strives to observe and quantify this protein diversity .
The AIMS was used to observe and score dyskinesia .
The management of pancreatic injuries in children : operate or observe .
We did not observe any neuroendoscope-related complications and had no postoperative deaths .
We observe individuals as they change living arrangements , die , or become institutionalized .
Adverse effects are uncommon , and we did not observe any skin rash .
After endotoxin application one can observe an endothelial damage and then a repair process .
To observe the effect in operation and influence after operation of intrachamberal anesthesia .
