A number of algorithms have been proposed to obtain such classifications .
An Advanced Control Eye Tracker was initiated 3 times to obtain iris recognition .
Venipuncture was performed to obtain samples of serum progesterone and relaxin .
All animals failed to obtain the preferred or present foods above chance levels .
It is difficult to obtain adequate information of lung lesions from conventional X-ray imaging .
Each site sought to obtain at least 960 isolates per year .
The diagnostic laparoscopy enables one to obtain additional information .
We contacted study authors to obtain missing information .
The use of endophytes to obtain bioactive compounds and their application in biotransformation process .
Use of prostaglandin E1 to obtain more accurate platelet counts in cats .
In fact , we obtain quite narrow confidence intervals for this parameter .
On average , we obtain six restraints per residue .
We contacted the principal authors of these , but did not obtain further information .
To obtain I50 anti-idiotype antibody and identify its activity in vitro .
This paper presents the procedure for gathering information and to obtain data .
The TT-ratio is reliable and easy to obtain during fetal echocardiography .
It is well-known that alignments are hard to obtain during distant relationships .
However these sample spectra are very hard to obtain in the actual production process .
This method can obtain adequate margins and follow oncological principles .
[How to obtain a plaster bite , and mount a dental articulator ] .
Where applicable , we obtain the membrane viscosity and report activation energies of diffusion .
It was impossible to make contact with or obtain an explanation from 11.7 % .
Mycoheterotrophic species have abandoned an autotrophic lifestyle and obtain carbon exclusively from mycorrhizal fungi .
Just over 400,000 obtain abortions , and nearly 470,000 give birth .
To obtain and generate reasonable treatment methods , new mediators or targets are needed .
The fusing image is easy to obtain and be interpreted by the clinician .
Then we get the PNNs ' distributions and obtain a y-M .
In presbyopia , patients can no longer obtain clear vision at distance and near .
It is unclear whether or how plants obtain nitrogen from these endophytic bacteria .
Neutrophils obtain immunosuppressive function during tumor development , yet the mechanisms are largely unknown .
