Treatments to remove or occlude DVAs are consequently unnecessary .
A vascular clamp is introduced through those incisions to occlude segment 4 Glissonian sheath .
Indomethacin is used to pharmacologically occlude patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants .
CP swelling by vacuolation may occlude CSF flow .
Blocking diacylglycerol lipase with RHC-80267 also does not occlude muscarinic modulation of current .
Effects of D2O on kinetic properties of drugs that occlude channels .
We used detachable coils to occlude this aneurysm for more precise embolization .
Gelfoam was injected to occlude the fistula at its enteric opening .
This position can be demonstrated venographically to further occlude collateral vessels in thoracic outlet .
Fragments of atheromatous plaques may embolize and occlude arterial vessels in different organs .
Tamoxifen also reduced Ba2+ currents but did not occlude the effect of 17 beta-estradiol .
These bubbles have the potential to occlude blood vessels and damage the vascular endothelium .
Dentifrice containing PVM / MA could effectively occlude dentin tubules and prevent dentin erosion .
Such a system applied to exposed dentine could occlude dentinal tubules and reduce sensitivity .
Rods can occlude neurites and block vesicle transport .
In the hemolytic-uremic syndrome , platelet - fibrin thrombi occlude predominantly the renal circulation .
Polymorphonuclear leukocytes occlude capillaries following middle cerebral artery occlusion and reperfusion in baboons .
We therefore occlude all significant collaterals during cardiac catheterization .
On the contrary , grafts to endarterectomized vessels occlude more frequently .
Perforated SVGs frequently occlude within 2 years post PCI .
The stenosed bilateral MCA may occlude within one to three years without intervention .
A fully biodegradable patent ductus arteriosus occlude .
When standard access sites occlude , unconventional access methods become necessary .
Satisfactory vein grafts do not commonly occlude unless inadequate inflow or outflow exists .
Unfortunately , these stents tend to occlude with time .
Close to one-fifth of aneurysms , however , fail to occlude after PED placement .
One artery went on to occlude asymptomatically .
