Paravalvular leaks still occur following prosthetic valvular replacement .
Spinal deformities ( SD ) may occur in these cases .
An inflammatory mechanism may occur separately from MYH9 - related disease .
Food-induced anaphylaxis tended to occur in younger children .
Preventable medication errors that involve antimicrobials occur throughout the perioperative continuum .
Some differences were found to occur mainly at higher attained ages above 70 years .
Human studies : To date , few studies have investigated if such differences occur .
Pseudoaneurysms occur secondary to partial disruption of the arterial wall .
When they do occur , they usually manifest as a rash or urticaria .
IDH2 mutations are rare , but they also occur in gliomas .
Long-term prognosis is good , but respiratory failure can occur in some cases .
They occur during seizures and interictally and seem important in seizure genesis .
Vocal cord dysfunction can occur independently or can co-exist with asthma .
Residual masses in advanced clinical stages occur frequently but are nonvital tissue .
MRI-induced artifacts occur rarely but have to be taken into account .
Histiocytosis is rare but does occur in prevalent locations .
Cutaneous histoplasmosis is an uncommon infection and can occur as a primary infection .
These changes were species-specific , but did not occur in all individuals .
There was no single body mass index above which seroconversion did not occur .
The setting in which psychological therapies occur has attracted little research attention to date .
These vary with the organism in which they occur and with environmental conditions .
According to classic models of carcinogenesis , these events can occur in any cell .
Nowadays , measles and rubella epidemics still occur worldwide , particularly in developing countries .
Depending on the pressure and temperature , sublimation of ice can occur .
Negative symptoms are often observed in chronic-course psychosis , but occur infrequently in late-onset-schizophrenia .
The injury is usually caused by trauma but can also occur spontaneously .
Gangliogliomas are glioneuronal tumours of the young , and occur more frequently supratentorially .
The mechanisms by which chromosomal aberrations occur during hepatocarcinogenesis are still unknown .
Are speakers sensitive to the frequency with which phrases occur in language ?
We confirm findings from previous studies that BEL/Pao elements do not occur in mammals .
