Do probiotics offer opportunities to manipulate the periodontal oral microbiota ?
Initial findings offer support for future , large-scale efficacy studies .
Topical therapy with tacrolimus may offer good long-term disease control .
The aim of this work is to offer a general overview of this construct .
Identification of endophenotypes seems to offer more promising results .
What disability studies has to offer medical education .
MRI , in contrast , could offer physiological and functional data without depth limitation .
New , highly sensitive troponin assays may offer improved certainty in these early hours .
Bedside-prepared slides offer improved diagnostic adequacy and specimen cellularity over solution-based samples .
Private clinics performing AGB offer short wait times , but the cost is high .
Further analysis identifying systematic reasons for disparities may offer cost savings and improve outcomes .
These properties offer diagnostic clues and disclose some peculiar functions of the skin .
AVFs are feasible and offer functional and timely AV access in older patients .
We examined several critical tenets of this proposed model , and offer significant revisions .
The casinos should ban smoking on their premises and offer employee smoking cessation programs .
New compounds are expected to offer new options against ethanol - induced genotoxicity .
Isokinetics offer a range of applications in hospital , therapy and training .
Students went on to offer various suggestions to improve their first exposure to IPE .
PCR may offer significant advantages in diagnosis but tests require standardisation .
These systems offer health services to individuals and thus implement ubiquitous computing .
They offer greater continuity than locum doctors and at considerably lower cost .
Democrats offer tweaks .
Does the use of silodosin to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia really offer something new ?
Preconceptional genetic carrier testing and the commercial offer directly-to-consumers .
Nystagmus or repetitive blinking may be present and offer clues in clinically subtle seizures .
The hypothesis can be tested and if sustained would offer hope of prevention .
Mothers were encouraged to breastfeed and offer ORS by mouth during the treatment period .
The intervention was acceptable to participants and feasible to offer within a healthcare system .
Nurses have much to offer in care of those with diabetes .
The health care system known as Ayurveda has much to offer in this regard .
