To optimize the results of PCNL , urologists should consider careful patient selection .
To optimize a pretreatment method of urine proteomics in children with primary nephrotic syndrome .
Such precise measurements of concentration distribution are needed to optimize drug delivery .
Microwave-assisted methods have been used to optimize reaction times and to improve yields .
Airway pressure release ventilation seeks to optimize alveolar recruitment and maintain spontaneous ventilatory effort .
Older adults have been reported to optimize affect and attend less to negative information .
Computer simulations are performed to optimize trajectories as a function of parameters .
Such data are also helpful to optimize physiotherapy after joint replacement and fractures .
SNPPicker can also optimize tag SNP selection for a panel tagging multiple populations .
Smart alerts : development of software to optimize data monitoring .
Integrated strategies to optimize sputum smear microscopy : a prospective observational study .
You can optimize revenues , compliance .
Three-wavelength scheme to optimize hohlraum coupling on the National Ignition Facility .
This allows circuits to optimize their output in response to a variety of input .
With this information we can optimize patient selection for laparoscopic surgery .
We optimize the cell geometry and introduce standard samples for electrochemical AFM experiments .
It can optimize operation and reduce the operation time .
It can optimize emergency clinical pathway , and meet the needs of clinical rescue .
In future studies , neurophysiological recordings could help to optimize and individualize NF training .
Further research to optimize and improve vaccine efficacy is ongoing .
Steps to optimize and standardize the 4D-CT scanning protocols for SBRT are desirable .
We first generate and optimize all low-energy conformations by any suitable method .
A measurement-based care system was used to guide and optimize treatment at each level .
The prompt diagnosis is important for optimize the etiology evaluation and therapeutically approach . "
Pre-operative and post-operative target volumes are designed to optimize for disease control .
Mean physiological data indicate a tendency to optimize at 100-130 degrees seat height .
An efficient way to learn and optimize such cascade is proposed .
