They can originate from viral infection or transcript splicing .
These findings demonstrate that pluripotent cancer-initiating cells can originate from BMDCs .
These results suggest that the aerosol sequences did not originate from manure .
All deletions appeared to originate from Alu - repeat mediated recombination events .
Free amino acids in vernix caseosa-retained skin appear to originate from vernix caseosa .
GIST recently has been suggested to originate from the multipotential mesenchymal stem cells .
The symptoms originate from an underlying inflammatory process and can have different clinical expressions .
They originate in cytoplasm and penetrate into vacuole by pinocytosis with participation of tonoplast .
Clonal growth is possible , but most plants originate from sexual reproduction .
The rpoH transcripts are monocistronic and originate from at least three promoters .
Reports on its prognosis are sparse and predominantly originate from highly selected centers .
Carcinoid tumors are slow growing and originate most frequently from gastrointestinal tissue 1 .
These descriptions originate from the techniques that were used for analysis .
Some amyloid deposits originate within morphologically abnormal neuron soma that contain intraneuronal Abeta .
These lymphocytes probably originate outside of the typhlosole .
These microparticles display different physiological features of the cells from which they originate .
The lesions are subdivided according to the type of mucosa in which they originate .
Much adult physical inactivity research ignores early-life factors from which later influences may originate .
These changes originate a hydrophobic to comparatively hydrophilic transformation of the surface .
PE can originate a syndrome similar to cardiac tamponade .
Ni and Pb could originate anthropogenic sources controlled by the second factor .
Eventually the cysts originate complication particularly hemoperitoneum .
According to their reports , lucid dreams most often originate spontaneously in adolescence .
It can originate every lymphoid tissue in the head and neck region .
The chondrocytes found in mature nucleus pulposus originate and migrate from the cartilage endplate .
They originate and expand inside bone structures .
They originate within the peristomium and grow posteriorly through the continuous addition of myocytes .
Estimates of the maximum time required to originate life .
Lipostatic and ischymetric mechanisms originate dexfenfluramine - induced anorexia .
From where did the Western honeybee ( Apis mellifera ) originate ?
