We conclude that our results outperform current practice .
We have found that the orbital transformation techniques outperform the active-space approaches .
Speakers generally outperform signers when asked to recall a list of unrelated verbal items .
At 1 year follow-up , the experimental group continued to outperform the comparison group .
Results showed Magnetic Resonance Arthrography to consistently outperform Magnetic Resonance Imaging .
Under those conditions , machine learning filters outperform standard citation metrics .
Proposed confidence intervals outperform the alternative methods , especially in terms of interval width .
Numerous studies have shown that musicians outperform nonmusicians on a variety of tasks .
Existing reports suggest that males significantly outperform females in navigating 3-D virtual environments .
a-DGPs did not outperform anti-tTG IgA for CD screening .
Thirdly , QC-Chain could outperform other tools in benefiting downstream metagenomic data analysis .
Patients with paraplegia seemed to outperform able-bodied men in all events .
These invariably outperform placebo and are equivalent or superior to active comparators .
Practices with good management will outperform their peers and thrive in the future .
Multi-atlas methods outperform SA for automated anatomical brain segmentation and PET measure 's extraction .
Experimental results show our algorithms are highly accurate and outperform all competitive approaches .
Results show that DY children underperform CA controls but outperform RL controls .
Surgeons outperform normative controls on neuropsychologic tests , but age-related decay of skills persists .
However , the combination of these biomarkers did not outperform s100B alone .
These new rules did not outperform the current 15 % day 4-7 rule .
Baboon envelope pseudotyped LVs outperform VSV-G-LVs for gene transfer into early-cytokine-stimulated and resting HSCs .
However , there might be circumstances in which nonparametric methods will outperform LOD-score methods .
It is now clear from available data that immunochemical tests outperform guaiac tests .
