rTg4510 transgenic ( TG ) mice overexpress mutant ( P301L ) human tau protein .
These tumors also overexpress the Forkhead box transcription factor FoxM1 .
EMPD and SCC overexpress HSP105 while BCC does not .
Triple-negative breast cancers ( TNBC ) neither express hormone receptors , nor overexpress HER2 .
MTC is known to overexpress the somatostatin receptor subtype 2 ( SSTR2 ) .
Human dermal fibroblasts ( HDFs ) were transfected with Syk cDNA to overexpress Syk .
We also generated transgenic mice to overexpress miR-133a in skeletal muscle .
We used two different adenoviral-mediated gene-transferring approaches to overexpress bFGF in developing rodent kidneys .
The T7 promoter was used to overexpress the hdc gene in E. coli cells .
Mst1 Tg mice overexpress Mst1 , a pro-apoptotic factor , in a cardiac-specific manner .
We show here that corticotroph adenomas overexpress HSP90 compared to the normal pituitary .
In contrast to most normal tissues , a variety of human cancers overexpress FASN .
Instead , mutant axons overexpress Robo1 and follow random trajectories into the ipsilateral cortex .
Highly resistant enterococcal strains overexpress this PBP and/or reduce its affinity .
Metastatic melanoma cells overexpress MCAM and do not express the c-KIT receptor .
Most infected cells expressed CMV immediate early proteins but did not overexpress IL-1 .
This cell clone expressed p53 and did not overexpress bcl-2 protein .
HCL stimulated NB to overexpress bcl-2 and presumably become resistant to apoptosis .
MMP-12 and its gene overexpress may be a auxiliary diagnosis method .
Transgenic Arabidopsis plants that overexpress CYP714B1 or CYP714B2 show semidwarfism .
Senescent WI-38 fibroblasts overexpress LPC-1 , a putative transmembrane shock protein .
MiR-23a mimic and inhibitor were used to overexpress or silence the expression of miR-23a .
Soybean somatic embryos were transformed in order to overexpress or silence WRKY genes .
Here , we describe methods to overexpress and purify RCP for structure-function studies .
The first involves the use of transgenic mice that overexpress or underexpress neurotrophins .
Specifically herpesvirus saimiri-transformed T cells overexpress ak155 and secrete the protein into the supernatant .
Transgenic models that overexpress or underexpress BDNF demonstrate similar deficits in cognition and mood .
