The capacity of laboratory-scale aerated biofilters to oxidize methane was investigated .
Tyrosinase was able to oxidize 10-11 % of the tyrosine residues of silk gels .
Fenton 's reagent was found to oxidize preferably biodegradable organic matter of leachate .
Strain D3 was able to oxidize ammonia under anaerobic condition .
Their capacity to oxidize lactate to CO2 was not affected .
This occurred at a H2O2 concentration too low to oxidize GSH by itself .
Reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) are harmful because they can oxidize biological macromolecules .
They oxidize their substrates using NAD or NADP as cofactors .
These could oxidize membrane lipids and proteins .
The luciferase can oxidize this reduced molecule with a light emission at 480 nm .
Two different isoenzymes of ALDH have been purified which will oxidize acetaldehyde to acetate .
Facts and fancies on how plants oxidize water .
The two isolates were non-motile and did not oxidize either acetate or lactate .
Cells were able to degrade gelatin and oxidize thiosulfate but did not reduce nitrate .
IGF-1 suppressed THP-1 macrophage ability to oxidize lipids and form foam cells .
Nitrite can oxidize dithionite - reduced NIR but cannot reduce oxidized NIR .
Horseradish peroxidase does not oxidize styrene but does oxidize 2,4,6-trimethylphenol to 2,6-dimethyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol .
Isolated mitochondria oxidize a wide variety of substrates and have high respiratory control ratios .
Do first-generation highly crosslinked polyethylenes oxidize in vivo ?
This function is important since DA can oxidize rapidly to form highly reactive species .
This culture could not only rapidly oxidize dimethyl-sulphoxide but also dimethyl-sulphide .
Women oxidize less protein compared with men and show lower leucine oxidation during exercise .
A wide range of transmitters is shown to oxidize readily on the electrodes .
OSRT was shown to oxidize Gly-l-Tyr most effectively among four peptide substrates tested .
It was unable , however , to further oxidize these acetoins to diacetyl .
In addition to these effects , sulfites oxidize to sulfite radicals initiating lipid peroxidation .
These results demonstrate that tyrosinase can oxidize phenylhydrazides indirectly through o-quinones .
Sediment around burrows may oxidize during low tides .
