To partition a compact structure for complex data in a nonlinear context , this paper proposes a nonlinear partition strategy .
Since the structural properties of the mesophase systems are a key factor in drug release applications , we investigated the effects of these guest molecules on their conformations and the way these molecules partition within the domains of the mesophases .
Although infectivity in human blood may not partition in the manner in which it is distributed in rodents , prion-reduction filters remove the residual plasma infectivity in rodent models .
Partial correlation analyses were used to partition the importance of every optically-active substance on UVR and PAR attenuation in the two different regions .
The results obtained for variation in actual relationship apply directly to the variation in actual inbreeding as both are functions of genomic coancestry , and we show how to partition the variation in actual inbreeding between and within families .
Young women partition fatty acids towards ketone body production rather than VLDL-TAG synthesis , compared with young men .
These breakpoints partition the genomic alignment into phylogenetically homogeneous loci , where sites within a given locus all share the same phylogenetic tree topology .
With an adaptive partition procedure , we can partition a " time course " into consecutive non-overlapped intervals such that the population means/proportions of the observations in two adjacent intervals are significantly different at a given level .
We show that in general , scorpion beta-toxins do not partition in neuronal membranes and that in the case in which a depressant beta-toxin partitions in insect neuronal membranes , this partitioning is unrelated to its interaction with the receptor site and the effect on the gating properties of the sodium channel .
We have designed and carried out a microarray experiment to examine transcript variation across samples from adipose , heart , kidney , and liver tissues of C57BL/6J mice and to partition variation into within-mouse and between-mouse components .
We used multilevel Bayesian occupancy modeling to handle dependence structures and to partition sources of variation in occupancy of sites by terrestrial salamanders ( family Plethodontidae ) within and surrounding an earlier wildfire in western Oregon , USA .
