Fifty patients agreed to participate in our study .
In particular , EGFR has been shown to participate in colon cancer development .
Thirty PDS were invited to participate in a telephone interview .
Retirees did not participate in their communities more than working people .
C3a and C5a may participate in tubular epithelial-mesenchymal transition in vitro .
They also participate in multiple processes including angiogenesis and triggering of inflammation .
Families are uncertain whether or how they can participate in the decision-making process .
The medical technologist should participate in and communicate with this network .
Perioperative nurses often participate in staff orientations and act as preceptors for other learners .
Half elected to participate in the telephone programme and half in the group programme .
Rho GTPases are involved in many biological processes and participate in cancer development .
Mitochondria generate ATP and participate in signal transduction and cellular pathology and/or cell death .
Key to the success of the program was recruiting residents to participate .
Based on their regenerative capacity , we asked whether these cells participate in alveogenesis .
Neurons that participate in a cough holon may include behavior selective elements .
The exact mechanism by which aPKCs participate in glucose metabolism remains unclear .
The extent to which different cell types participate in Up states is still unclear .
Liver regeneration is a complex phenomenon in which several factors participate during its onset .
Understanding then , is a perceptual and conceptual process in which we fully participate .
One of the viral infections in which toll-like receptors participate is the HIV-1 infection .
Crohn 's disease is a disease with unknown etiology of which immunological mechanisms participate .
Thirty-eight patients agreed to participate and signed an informed consent prior to the evaluation .
Computers : participate and win .
Law : participate or not ?
HSPGs participate in lipid metabolism along with apolipoprotein ( apo ) E .
[Can or must the patient participate to risk management in radiotherapy ? ] .
In the atheromatous plaques , scavenger receptors may participate progression of foam cells .
How do young children with DCD participate and enjoy daily activities ?
Numerous molecular and cellular pathways participate and converge to the EPCs mediated vascular repair .
Exclusionary criteria were minimized , and children with and without medication could participate .
