Another nonenveloped virus , reovirus , requires catB to penetrate cell membranes .
A trocar with a peel-away sheath was used to penetrate the gastric wall .
Roots were slow to penetrate anoxic biosolids in the bottom of the pots .
Biodegradable nanoparticles composed entirely of safe materials that rapidly penetrate human mucus .
Structurally perturbed CP allows solutes to penetrate the ventricles .
However , finding selective BACE1 inhibitors that can penetrate the brain has proved challenging .
They originate in cytoplasm and penetrate into vacuole by pinocytosis with participation of tonoplast .
Previously , pollen allergens were shown to penetrate into the hair follicles .
Photoacoustic tomography utilizes a short-pulsed laser beam to diffusively penetrate into tissue .
Bacteria could penetrate into dentine even at a distance from the perforation filling .
It can be dangerous when infestations penetrate into the brain .
They are small diffusible molecules that easily penetrate between cells .
They penetrate the muscle fibre and surround the cell fragments .
MAP can penetrate sickle erythrocytes and can acetylate intracellular HbS .
Stearic acid did penetrate the lens and was incorporated into triacyl-glycerides and phospholipids .
NF200 ( + ) spinal cord axons approached but did not penetrate this boundary .
They are lipophilic molecules and easily penetrate the epidermis .
Gastric spirilla were associated closely with parietal cells and could penetrate their cytoplasm .
It arises when the tumor masses penetrate into the bronchial tree and are expectorated .
HIV induces little cellular damages and it can penetrate into the cytoplasm by phagocytosis .
Erythrocytes penetrate into spaces between fibrin sheets and covered with fibrin network .
Insect-pathogenic fungi penetrate their hosts directly through the cuticle .
As in mouse skin , activated LCs penetrate TJs in human skin .
Fine , sharp metal fragments may penetrate the eye with little resistance .
TAT-PTD-CSTB does not penetrate the cells despite initial evidence of time and concentration-dependent transduction .
Mammalian sperm cannot penetrate the zona pellucida solely by force .
Thus , the residue is found not to penetrate deep into the phospholipid bilayer .
Endovenously administered oncolytic viruses extravasate and penetrate poorly into tumors .
Some industrial carcinogens may pollute the natural environment and penetrate into food .
Both forms are hydrophobic and penetrate deeply into membranes .
