Canadian adolescents perceive less control and disciplinary actions from parents , and more tolerance .
They perceive the threat of chemical risks as high .
Pigeons perceive a reversed Zollner illusion .
They perceive it as something fortuitous associated to a strong emotional impact .
Chicks of altricial birds may perceive predation risk by acoustic cues produced by predators .
Nurses who perceive themselves as empowered have higher levels of organizational commitment .
The visual system in walking serves to perceive feedback or feed-forward signals .
The approach imitates the human ability to perceive details .
Future research is needed to understand how non-definers perceive these childhood sexual experiences .
The review revealed people experiencing psychotropic-induced weight gain perceive it as distressing .
Women seem to perceive late effects of hypertension as a manifest health threat .
Eyewitnesses frequently perceive seizures as life threatening .
Nurses in five critical care units perceive themselves to be moderately empowered .
How do these patients perceive gaming console exercise ?
Do we perceive correctly whether a 2-D object is balanced or unbalanced ?
Nuclear Medicine physicians perceive radioiodine adverse effects and prevention methods are used .
People often perceive risks for others and themselves differently .
Possibly , they perceive non-volatile chemicals , but these remain to be identified .
How primary care dentists perceive and are influenced by research .
This category reveals how the children perceive and relate with the antiretroviral therapy .
Mammals can perceive and discriminate myriad volatile chemicals as having a distinct odor .
Nevertheless they did perceive an unplanned pregnancy as serious and considered themselves susceptible .
Practitioners perceive contradictory elements during their consultations , and they ask for help .
Women perceive themselves as being very knowledgeable but cannot accurately answer physiological questions .
Social cognition is an ability to perceive socially relevant stimuli and to behave accordingly .
The present study examined the way retirees perceive retirement and continue to work post-retirement .
Residents moonlight primarily for financial reasons but also perceive a positive educational benefit .
Symmetry is a powerful framework to perceive and predict the physical world .
The TMMS assesses an individual 's ability to perceive , understand and manage emotion .
Humans are social beings and often have to perceive and perform within groups .
