Accordingly , we tested its ability to permeate the blood-brain barrier ( BBB ) .
Yet through aggressive marketing , the technique is already beginning to permeate radiologic practice .
Its ability to permeate bacterial cell membranes appears similar to that of cefotaxime .
Heavy metal cations permeate the TRPV6 epithelial cation channel .
CHL probe may not easily permeate the SC .
Tasks requiring interpersonal coordination permeate all spheres of life .
The initial lactose concentration in permeate was 50.0 g L ( -1 ) .
The turbidity of permeate was lower than the detection limit for all applied waters .
It was supposed to permeate in plastic films .
Ethanol production from whey permeate in a continuous anaerobic bioreactor by Kluyveromyces marxianus .
Does CO2 permeate through aquaporin-1 ?
The kapok wall exhibited complete rejection of water while allowed oil to permeate through .
Hierarchical biological scales permeate research in tree physiology and represent multiple sources of variation .
Random movers permeate entire landscapes , but directed movers are more geographically constrained .
Many polymers permeate the skin poorly and are vulnerable to enzymatic degradation .
Biodiesel production by microalgae cultivated using permeate from membrane bioreactors in continuous system .
CPX was able to permeate hoof membranes more easily compared with MRF .
The results confirm that NPs are too large to permeate skin by this mechanism .
Before injury fine astrocyte processes permeate the parenchyma .
GTX 2/3 epimers permeate the intestine through a paracellular pathway .
Kinetics of methanogenesis from whey permeate in packed bed immobilized cells bioreactor .
Spermine and other endogenous polyamines potentiate , block and permeate the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor channel .
These complexes have zero net charge and readily permeate the intact erythrocyte membrane .
The results showed that higher pressure resulted in higher Na+ rejection and permeate flux .
Lactulose production from milk concentration permeate using calcium carbonate - based catalysts .
Anaerobic thermophilic fermentation for acetic acid production from milk permeate .
Then ionic and nonionic substances may permeate unselectively .
Enhancers permeate into the skin and reversibly decrease the barrier resistance .
Ni2+ and Co2+ neither permeate through the channel nor inhibit the Ca2+ influx .
Therefore , oil can permeate through the mesh and be collected in situ .
