This would permit personalization and optimization of the treatment plan for each cancer patient .
Current equipment does not permit accurate measurement of volumes less than 0.1 mL .
Inducible systems permit spatial and temporal control of transgene expression .
Intravenous doses of medications require formulations that permit accurate preparation and administration .
Humans learn and remember motor skills to permit adaptation to a changing environment .
The importance of preoperative evaluation to permit identification of micronutrient deficiencies is being re-evaluated .
The geometric accuracy and targeting systems permit dose placement with submillimeter accuracy and precision .
This will permit treatment and/or increased vigilance for ensuing permanent DI .
Stereocilia are actin - filled protrusions that permit mechanotransduction in the internal ear .
Cryobanking skin samples permit preserving a maximum of genetic representation from the population biodiversity .
Development of team work should permit to optimize the cost efficacy of the treatments .
Future technical improvements may permit improving the quality and/or lifespan of stored human platelets .
Results of these studies demonstrate conditions that permit arterial regeneration over absorbable scaffolds .
Hydrocortisone was needed to permit growth for more than 2 wk .
SET and PARP1 remove DEK from chromatin to permit access by the transcription machinery .
These features permit correct differential diagnosis and justify pharmacologic therapy with antidepressants .
Ultrasound and computed tomography permit direct visualisation of the pancreas and establish the diagnosis .
Such benchmarks may permit advances in treatment application and potentially improve patient outcomes .
The starting phase information was very poor and did not permit model building .
Total lymphoid irradiation and cyclosporine have profound immunosuppressive properties and permit successful heart allotransplantation .
Magnetic superbasic proton sponges are readily removed and permit direct product isolation .
Clinically significant CHD permit survival upon birth , but may become immediately life threatening .
CT and MRI permit the follow-up of lesions under treatment and evaluate prognosis .
Intracoronary stenting without anticoagulation , would permit shorter hospitalization and lead to cost-savings .
Data of USE and CT permit to precise the clinical form of the disease .
The Ilizarov method permit for contemporary axis correction and/or distraction or compression .
Its salient edges and grooves permit cutting through the sclerotic areas without difficulty .
Policies that permit and prohibit behavior can tap owners ' concerns about rule violations .
Genes that permit or prevent infections .
Being located between blood and tissues , they permit or deny the passage .
