These impairments may precipitate and perpetuate suicidal crisis in depressed elders .
Inflammatory mediators can both initiate and perpetuate the characteristic hyperdynamic , hypermetabolic state .
Such an asymmetric distribution may serve to initiate or perpetuate cell locomotion .
Thus disordered eating and excess body weight may perpetuate each other 's development .
The justifications for this lack of evidence may perpetuate the status quo .
Antibodies to myelin P0 and ceramide perpetuate neuropathy in long standing treated leprosy patients .
Do maternal cells trigger or perpetuate autoimmune diseases in children ?
It can cause and perpetuate many chronic postural ailments , including lower back pain .
Importantly , senescent cells can be proinflammatory and would perpetuate CF chronic inflammation .
Strong social norms proscribing pre-marital sexual relationships perpetuate barriers in meeting their needs .
Awards perpetuate bias against generalism .
Staff narratives perpetuate patient-focused values in face of rapid change .
Killing appears to perpetuate itself even in the absence of retaliation .
Multivariate model also assessed the factors that may perpetuate RHD among RF patients .
Token practices served to perpetuate inequality by maintaining individual mobility beliefs and organizational identification .
Do they perpetuate the disease or are they irrelevant ?
These factors otherwise would perpetuate venous insufficiency and contribute to varicose veins .
Locally produced phospholipases might perpetuate the injury and influence clinical pictures and therapeutic approaches .
Like all species , humans have exercised their impulse to perpetuate and propagate themselves .
Endogenous adenosine might cause or perpetuate bradyasystole .
Traditional learning methods can sometimes perpetuate unappraised and unfounded beliefs and practices .
Our data suggest that conventional lidocaine doses may perpetuate rather than control refractory convulsions .
Interactions between these pathways may perpetuate a feedback process that exacerbates an inflammatory state .
This process might perpetuate in cell division conditioning of chromatin for transcription .
