However , CR did not perturb the tertiary or secondary structure of cytochrome c .
Atypical antipsychotic drugs perturb AMPK - dependent regulation of hepatic lipid metabolism .
Disease-associated N-terminal complement factor H mutations perturb cofactor and decay-accelerating activities .
Both genetic approaches and small-molecule inhibitors can be used to perturb protein function .
Any condition with acute or chronic oxidative stress is expected to perturb zinc homeostasis .
Sporidesmin and gliotoxin induce cell detachment and perturb microfilament structure in cultured liver cells .
Mutations in the tRNA body can perturb this process and affect fidelity .
Radiation-generated short DNA fragments may perturb non-homologous end-joining and induce genomic instability .
Some drugs perturb renal perfusion and induce loss of filtration capacity .
Therefore , a better understanding of how chemicals perturb these pathways is warranted .
The mutant strains described here perturb the commitment to differentiation as ovules .
In static conditions , the compound did not perturb the architecture of the biofilm .
Transcriptional inhibition prevents new pair formation but does not perturb existing pairs .
Globular and pre-fibrillar prion aggregates are toxic to neuronal cells and perturb their electrophysiology .
The electrogoniometers were small and did not perturb walking .
Ca2+ was able to perturb the fluorophore in the presence of Zn2+ .
One common cancer chemotherapeutic strategy is to perturb cell division with anti-mitotic drugs .
Cadmium is known to perturb ion balance in teleost fishes .
Mechanisms by which poly ( L-amino acids ) may perturb fibrin assembly are discussed .
The mode by which these drugs perturb metabolism is unknown .
There is a considerable disagreement about the extent to which solutes perturb water structure .
Salient stimuli are characterized by their capability to perturb and seize available cognitive resources .
However , we lack strategies to selectively perturb or probe these basic biochemical mechanisms .
The measurements were reproducible and did not perturb the tissue to any significant extent .
