Neutrophils are previously known to phagocytose invading pathogens and harmful particles .
Furthermore , the capacity of the cell lines to phagocytose latex microspheres was analyzed .
These cells were also shown to actively phagocytose labeled zymosan particles in culture .
Demonstration of the ability of Hofbauer cells to phagocytose exogenous antibodies .
Peritoneal macrophages which phagocytose autologous polymorphonuclear leucocytes in guinea-pigs .
The myeloma cells did not phagocytose staphylococci in vitro .
Even though leukocytes can penetrate biofilms , they fail to phagocytose and kill bacteria .
Heterophils from all chickens were able to phagocytose and kill log phase staphylococcal bacteria .
The cells can chemotax , phagocytose , cap crosslinked receptors , and contract normally .
Human neutrophils recognise and phagocytose non-opsonised particles coated with bacterial antigen .
No calcium transients were detected in cells that bound but did not phagocytose beads .
Microglia are activated by and can phagocytose beta-amyloid ( Abeta ) .
These cells phagocytose the mobilized neutrophils and return the pleural cavity to normal .
Human osteoblast-like cells phagocytose metal particles and express the macrophage marker CD68 in vitro .
Monocytes/macrophages phagocytose wear particles and release cytokines that induce inflammatory response .
Furthermore , RPE monolayers were able to phagocytose POS in a time-dependent manner .
Microglia were shown to phagocytose Abeta1-42 , in agreement with observations of other investigators .
Cultured Schwann cells were found to phagocytose exogenously applied myelin membranes within 1 h .
Macrophages phagocytose apoptotic cells without causing neutrophil infiltration in vivo under physiological conditions .
In sensory projection areas , microglial cells phagocytose degenerating axons and terminals .
Human granulocytes phagocytose Campylobacter sp. with a twofold higher effectivity than murine cells .
They phagocytose and kill many invading pathogens .
We report here that macrophages from MacMARCKS null mice phagocytose and spread normally .
Human plasmacytoid dendritic cells phagocytose , process , and present exogenous particulate antigen .
During demyelination , macrophages phagocytose myelin and secrete inflammatory mediators that worsen the disease .
