Adenosine activated AMPK , to phosphorylate Bcl-X ( L ) .
We also find that protein kinase CTheta can phosphorylate CD43 .
The mechanisms by which MAP kinases recognize and phosphorylate substrates are not completely understood .
We found that active Src does not directly phosphorylate any tyrosine residue of PHD2 .
MAP3Ks phosphorylate MAP2Ks , which in turn activate MAPKs .
Sequence analysis suggested that p38 MAPK could not directly phosphorylate Akt2 .
The protein kinase also can phosphorylate itself on serine and threonine residues .
We have found that gastric microsomal membrane extracts phosphorylate Rab11-FIP2 on serine 227 .
PRL - activated mTOR may phosphorylate p70S6K and 4E-BP1 by restraining PP2A .
One pathway involves the CaM-Ks that may directly phosphorylate Akt on T308 .
They were able to phosphorylate several chloroplast-destined precursor proteins within their cleavable presequences .
Also , the mutant protein retains the wild-type ability to phosphorylate proteins on tyrosine .
PKCs are activated by DAG and phosphorylate EGFR to reduce its expression and activity .
All three were able to phosphorylate histone and undergo autophosphorylation .
Ability of the c-mos product to associate with and phosphorylate tubulin .
AMPK up-regulated Sirt1 , and Sirt1 can inversely phosphorylate AMPK .
Prostaglandin E2 receptor EP1 phosphorylate CREB and mediates MMP2 expression in human cholangiocarcinoma cells .
Various kinases phosphorylate their substrates and thereby switch on or off their functions .
Other kinases have also been shown more recently to phosphorylate and regulate CFTR activity .
Recombinant Pfnek3 was able to phosphorylate and stimulate a malarial MAPK ( Pfmap2 ) .
Our thin-filament preparations also contain enzymes that phosphorylate and dephosphorylate a specific protein .
Activated LATS1/2 in turn phosphorylate and inhibit Yes-associated protein ( YAP ) .
Mitogen-activated protein kinases , Erk and p38 , phosphorylate and regulate Foxo1 .
Unsaturated fatty acids phosphorylate and destabilize ABCA1 through a protein kinase C delta pathway .
PTKs phosphorylate substrates in a sequence-specific manner and relatively short peptide sequences determine selectivity .
DARPP32 has multiple phosphorylation sites , and Cdk5 can phosphorylate DARPP32 at Thr75 .
In inside cells , Lats1/2 phosphorylate Yap and prevent its nuclear localization .
LKB1 can phosphorylate the Thr174 of BRSK2 , increasing its activity >50-fold .
Solubilization and partial purification of protein kinase systems from brain membranes that phosphorylate calspectin .
The non-specific deoxyriboside kinase can phosphorylate all naturally occurring pyrimidine and purine 2'-deoxyribosides .
