We investigate this issue using multiply labeled dextran polymers that we intentionally photobleach to the background on a single-molecule basis .
Such signals do not blink or photobleach under prolonged excitation , which is an advantage in optical nano-biomarker applications .
In fact , they have the unique characteristic that their single molecule fluorescence intensity remains constant over time ; SWNTs do not " blink " or photobleach under ambient conditions .
Fluorescent nanodiamonds ( FNDs ) emit in the near-IR and do not photobleach or photoblink .
These methods have allowed us to demonstrate that the luminescence does not blink even in the picosecond domain and that it does not photobleach either .
Up-converting phosphors do not photobleach and are inert to common assay interferants such as hemoglobin .
Gold and silver metal nanoparticles are non-toxic , they do not photobleach , are relatively inexpensive , are wavelength-tunable , and can be labeled with antibodies .
In addition to the traveling molecules , which photobleach in times on the order of 32 s under continuous irradiation at 2 kW/cm2 , two other spatially fixed populations are observed : one with transition dipole oriented along the c-axis of the crystal with a characteristic photobleaching time greater than 32 h , and one with a characteristic photobleaching time of 18 min .
Interestingly , whereas the CO / HF species are stable with respect to photolysis in Ar , they photobleach in Kr and Xe matrixes at 248 and 193 nm , even though the first excited states of CO and HF are not energetically accessible with 193 and 248 nm photons .
Carotenoids in chloroform and carbon tetrachloride photobleach upon nanosecond laser flash photolysis in two steps : instantaneously and in a second-order reaction .
They do not photobleach under continuous laser excitation over periods of several hours repeated over several days , and they exhibit markedly different blinking behavior ; >20 % of the g-NQDs do not blink , while >40 % have on-time fractions of >80 % .
A small fraction of molecules photobleach in multiple steps or show a series of transitions between emissive and nonemissive fluorescent states ( " blinking " ) .
Unlike other particles used for tracking purposes , gold nanorods do not photobleach , allowing their optical signal to be tracked for longer periods of time , and they can be easily synthesized and coated with various charged or neutral shells , potentially reducing the effect of their presence on the cell system or allowing selective placement .
High fluence illumination ( approximately 190 kJ/cm2 ) is then used to permanently photobleach the ICG molecules--resulting in a permanent alteration of the overall absorption of the ICG .
After incorporation of the labeled actin into the lamellipodium , I used a laser microbeam to photobleach a 3-4-micron region at and surrounding a microspike , without disrupting the integrity of the structure .
Time-dependent photoluminescence ( PL ) enhancement , blue shift , and photobleach were observed from the thiol - capped CdTe quantum dots ( QDs ) ingested in mouse myoblast cells and human primary liver cancer cells .
The advantages of gold particles as detection labels are that ( a ) their light producing power is equivalent to more than 500,000 fluorescein molecules , ( b ) they can be detected at concentrations as low as 10 ( -15 ) M in suspension by eye and a simple illuminator , ( c ) they do not photobleach , ( d ) individual particles can be seen in a simple student microscope with dark field illumination , ( e ) color of scattered light can be changed by changing particle size or composition for multicolor multiplexing , and ( f ) they can be conjugated with antibodies , DNA probes , ligands , and protein receptors for specific analyte detection .
Transient spectra also exhibit a broad photobleach at early times that arises from the cooling of a hot electron gas created via excitation at the red edge of a pi-plasmon band .
On the other hand , too much intensity or too long exposure can photobleach the protein and thereby reduce the efficiency of photoconversion .
A highly eccentric elliptical Gaussian laser beam was used to photobleach the sample and to monitor fluorescence recovery .
