Kinematic studies have shown that when pretending to pick up imagined objects ( pantomimed actions ) , we move and shape our hands quite differently from when grasping real ones .
Flexing forward to pick up an object between the feet .
Flexing to pick up an object lateral to the foot .
Fishes were pre-exposed in the experimental apparatus and trained to pick food from the tray in a rectangular-shaped arena .
In each profile , respondents were asked to pick the best and worst attribute level from the profiles .
In the first study , we asked patient DF to reach out and pick up a target object in the presence of obstacles placed at varying distances to the left or right of the target .
Active surveillance aims to pick out from the wide group of prostatic cancer patients those , who present sings of progressive disease , and to provide the curative treatment later , whereby harm-free lifetime will be extended .
Field walks were done to pick and voucher the plants , for taxonomical identification and storage .
Current orthopaedic scores ( OJS ) in haemophilia miss mild joint impairments and only pick up severe alterations .
Our experiments confirm the ability of our approach to pick the important text portions .
Which implant do I pick ? A glossary of promises .
The clinical nurse specialist and nurse practitioner roles : room for both or take your pick ?
Consortia pick up PCT savings burden .
The pick of the sacral flexure in the masculine pelvis is at the level of the II sacral vertebra , that of the feminine pelvis--at the level of the I sacral vertebra .
The PRL profile curve is flatted and there was no night pick of PRL secretion in the patients .
Do children pick and choose ?
Another part of the interview involved a behavioral task in which the patient was asked to walk , bend and pick up a small object .
Comparing " pick and place " task in spatial Augmented Reality versus non-immersive Virtual Reality for rehabilitation setting .
Hummingbird tongues pick up a liquid , calorie-dense food that cannot be grasped , a physical challenge that has long inspired the study of nectar-transport mechanics .
Finally , 17 cephalometric items were pick out to provide references for clinical work .
A salient aspect of this finding was the observation that food pick up was not blocked , showing that the FL is not necessary for this feeding step .
Specifically , it focuses on a communication service ( location-based virtual notes ) that allows hospital workers to leave short digital messages at relevant physical locations ( e.g. by a patient bed ) , so that intended colleagues can pick them up later when entering such a location .
Let employees pick their own fringe benefits ?
When fitting an econometric model , it is well known that we pick up part of the idiosyncratic characteristics of the data along with the systematic relationship between dependent and explanatory variables .
Here , the ants apparently pick up odour plumes emanating from the food source and follow these by steering an upwind course until they reach the feeder .
Instead of performing an encyclopedic laundry list of tests , clinicians can pick and choose carefully among them , which maximizes efficiency and cost-effectiveness .
They pick up eggs at the age of 2 to 4 weeks and the metacestodes are present in the liver .
The challenge we now face is how to pick the targets and how to improve the efficiency of designed partially-specific multi-target drugs that would block parallel pathways in the network .
Lesions of the rPAG , however , greatly impaired the dams ' ability to rapidly release pups held in the mouth , but not to pick them up or carry them directly to the nest during retrieval .
The real issue is not whether or not to use new communication technologies , but how to pick and choose them to maximize returns on the nations ' scarce resources .
