Protein content in diabetes nutrition plan .
A federal plan to address seniors ' health and well-being .
We plan to expand this program to other parts of southern China .
A risk-based sampling plan for monitoring of histamine in fish products .
Public engagement on New York state 's plan for allocating ventilators during a pandemic .
Incidence and prevalence of systemic sclerosis in a healthcare plan in Buenos Aires .
Health plan resource use : bringing us closer to value-based decisions .
Health plan enrollment and mortality in the Medicare program .
Child friendly school initiative program ( CFSI ) under IAP action plan 2011 .
How to plan an open house for your practice .
Fortification may be required to reach those women who do not plan their pregnancies .
Recapitalization plan aids retirement communities .
Medicare prescription drug plan coverage of pharmacotherapies for opioid and alcohol dependence in WA .
Body plan innovation in treehoppers through the evolution of an extra wing-like appendage .
We plan to enrol a total of 105 patients ( 84 completers ) .
A review of the literature is given and a diagnostic plan suggested .
Leaders plan and direct strategy in Congress .
Care plan oversight and home care/hospice revenue for telephone management .
Burns disasters--a plan for South Africa .
Strategic planning--a plan for excellence for South Haven Health System .
From plan to action .
75 % of these teenagers either did not want or plan these births .
Evaluate and plan appropriate surgical correction of chin deformities .
These studies can be used to estimate existing programs and plan the new ones .
The CAAB demonstrated ability to conceptualize , plan and initiate multilevel community change .
A time to remember and plan .
Sixty-three percent of teens currently drive or plan to drive .
Epidemiological data are fundamental to adequately plan the activity of a liver transplantation centre .
On the role of modeling parameters in IMRT plan optimization .
An interdisciplinary approach is crucial to plan an efficient and individualised work-up of SPNs .
