Pilot data point to a good effectiveness of the treatment .
Our results point toward the minipig being a promising species for cardiac safety research .
Such observations are extremely important since they potentially point to underling etiological variations .
Children were asked to point to pictures representing each stimulus item .
Tricritical point in explosive percolation .
Subjects had to point manually to the collision place at the correct time .
The double lung point : an unusual sonographic sign of juvenile spontaneous pneumothorax .
Extension of the distributed point source method for ultrasonic field modeling .
Lung cancer : new developments point the way to reduced mortality .
These favourable findings point to consider PRGF as a therapy for OA .
Use of computed tomography in the diagnosis of pelvic fractures--a point to consider .
We will point out that most concerns are invalid .
This disparity may point to different arrhythmia mechanisms and may affect therapy strategies .
We point out recent cases and summarise relevant EU and OECD documents .
Proponents point to two recent studies , but actually the sample sizes were small .
From point defects in graphene to two-dimensional amorphous carbon .
We discuss the progress in this young field and point out the open issues .
To point out the risk of bleeding during retropubic surgery in females .
Our cases are unusual and point to a wider spectrum of such injuries .
Between-study heterogeneity is important to document and may point to interesting leads .
These individual findings are nonspecific , but together point to a lymphoma .
Denervation point for neuromuscular blockade on lateral pectoral nerves : a cadaver study .
[Dual time point 18F-FDOPA PET as a tool for characterizing brain tumors ] .
Geochemistry. Meteoritic clues point chromium toward Earth 's core .
We point out potential pitfalls of phase-plate operation , and discuss solutions .
We also point out the destructive potential of humour , and categorize its misapplications .
We point out the unusual endogenous hyperinsulinism , clinical features and postulate possible mechanisms .
He defines the concept and point out its ambiguities .
It is shown that motorograms can point out seizure movements and emphasize epileptic patterns .
EUS-assisted ERP : throw me a line or just point out the way ?
