Catechol was found to polymerize in presence of uranyl ions .
FtsZ is known to polymerize in the presence of GTP into single-stranded protofilaments .
FITC - labelled actin recovered its ability to polymerize on addition of phalloidin .
The model catalyst system is demonstrated to polymerize ethene .
The glucosyltransferases from oral streptococci cleave sucrose and polymerize the glucose moieties .
The efficiency of different light sources to polymerize resin cement beneath porcelain laminate veneers .
Many basic studies have characterized these chemical dosimeters that polymerize under irradiation .
They could then polymerize with mature peptidoglycan .
Microtubules polymerize early after fusion of cells .
All three derivatives polymerize more rapidly than unlabeled actin .
The silica nanoparticles polymerize into highly branched networks that link the surfaces together .
Several copies of amphiphilic C9 subsequently polymerize to form the characteristic ring-like MAC .
How to polymerize ethylene in a highly controlled fashion ?
One approach is to polymerize vinyl - terminated peptides by radical polymerization .
These modifications strongly decrease the capacity of TauF4 to polymerize tubulin into microtubules .
The 36 kDa fragment failed to polymerize and to inhibit DNase I activity .
Nuclear actin : to polymerize or not to polymerize .
Perforin is able to polymerize and form a channel in target cell membrane .
These free radicals then polymerize and get precipitated .
The proteins polymerize and form a smaller structure during constriction .
A167E and D275R actins polymerize normally and form relatively normal appearing filaments .
Mcm10p homologs contain a C - terminal motif found in proteins that polymerize nucleotides .
Power and time requirements for use of the argon laser to polymerize composite resins .
RA-induced cells initially polymerize a temporarily enlarged population of MTs .
Later they polymerize to very long fibers and finally they are partially destroyed .
During drying , oils polymerize and form water-resistant films .
Adhesives were also allowed to polymerize on and remain in contact with tissues .
Calcium acrylate is a polymerized grout , and can polymerize in an aqueous solution .
The transphosphorylated protein can be isolated and will polymerize without further addition of nucleotide .
