However , sedative hypnotic drugs pose potentially adverse effects .
Legacy systems and interoperability present further challenges , and outsourcing may pose special problems .
Vector-borne diseases , transmitted by bloodsucking arthropods , pose worldwide socio-medical and economical problems .
In that case , waste would not pose any threat to healthcare workers .
For clinicians , women with hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy pose a management challenge .
Feral raccoons may pose a risk to farms and public health .
Acute gastrointestinal illness appears to pose a significant burden in the Hessian population .
Identifying air pollutants that pose a potential hazard indoors can facilitate exposure mitigation .
ENPs accumulation in ecosystems is likely to pose threat to specific and non-specific targets .
Primary mesenteric tumors are exceedingly rare and may thus pose a diagnostic challenge .
Contactless and pose invariant biometric identification using hand surface .
The presentation to general surgeons may be atypical and pose diagnostic difficulty .
Coexistent infections pose diagnostic problems in AIDS patients and are likely to be missed .
These disorders pose a significant economic burden and affect quality of life .
Cochlear obstructions pose a surgical threat and negatively influence the postoperative speech perception results .
Landmines pose further danger to Uganda 's war refugees .
These periods are considered to pose greater health risks to women .
- Borrowed vascularizations still pose complex diagnostic problems at different levels .
Insights into the problems that language barriers may pose for the medical interview .
Steroid users and the unique challenge they pose to needle and syringe program workers .
First , educators should examine the purpose of each question they pose to learners .
Pneumococcal infections pose similar problems to Hib , but are more complex .
Foodborne illnesses pose a problem to all individuals but are especially significant for infants .
In infants , and especially in premature neonates , enterostomies pose significant morbidity .
Surgical specimen identification errors are common and pose important risks to all patients .
Birthmarks are commonplace and most pose no significant detriment to health .
Arrhythmias were common and pose a concern late after repair .
The use of antibiotics should be balanced against the risks they pose .
Such knowledge is critical in evaluating the pandemic risk these viruses pose .
Practice acquisitions pose risk--HHS .
