The receptors possess intracellular serine/threonine kinase domains .
Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases are key enzymes of protein biosynthesis which usually possess multidomain structures .
C57BL/6J mice possess a single intelectin ( Itln ) gene on chromosome 1 .
Almost all the tested compounds were found to possess variable degrees of antimicrobial activities .
Among plant compounds , only a few have shown to possess anti-STAT1 activity .
Ergone has been demonstrated to possess cytotoxic activity .
Fungi possess robust cell walls and do not engulf prey cells by phagotrophy .
Plants also possess ATM and ATR orthologs but lack obvious counterparts of downstream regulators .
All species possess fast-contracting muscles and have the same kind of sound producing mechanism .
Mulberry leaf polyphenols possess antiatherogenesis effect via inhibiting LDL oxidation and foam cell formation .
Besides boron , all monomeric species possess singlet ground states .
As a family , these complexes possess fascinating biological activity .
The JAMAR was found to be feasible and to possess face and content validity .
PBDs are sequence-specific DNA-alkylating agents and possess significant antitumor properties .
dcp-1-null mutants are healthy and possess few defects in normally occurring cell death .
Dietary fenugreek seed has been recently observed to possess anti-lithogenic potential in experimental mice .
Like Sciuridae , Gliridae possess some chromosomes easily comparable with those of Primates .
Halecidae possess a new composition , with the exclusion of Hemisaurida .
Oxysterols possess pro-oxidative and pro-inflammatory properties that can contribute to carcinogenesis .
The findings revealed that synthesized AgNPs possess excellent anti-lice and mosquito larvicidal activity .
Magnetotransport experiments reveal that the nanodot arrays possess giant magneto-resistance associated with geometrical effects .
The synthesized particles possess photocatalytic activity under visible light and exhibited excellent antimicrobial effect .
Chaplains possess an important role with these older adults and in these settings .
For example , lampreys possess hypobranchial muscles , and may also possess the cucullaris .
Nocturnal insects possess in general superposition compound eyes .
In addition to Abi-1 , mammals possess Abi-2 and NESH ( Abi-3 ) .
Below the flow limit the dressing possess in properties of on elastic body .
Innate immunity is a universal prophylactic system which all multi-cellular animals possess .
The latter findings support observations that some RF possess antinuclear properties .
The inbuilt injury protection which some costumes possess is also discussed .
