The occurrence of NAFLD or NASH without portal hypertension should not preclude the procedure .
However , the adverse effects of these therapies may preclude their long-term use .
Unfavorable anatomy can preclude embolization of intracranial aneurysms .
The minimum gap that was found to preclude primary repair was 4 mm .
PLB-KO mice were used to preclude ancillary effects of CaMKII mediated by phospholamban phosphorylation .
Bloodstains did not preclude the viewing of these patterns .
However , ethical considerations preclude investigation into the predictive capacity of a scale .
This might preclude patients from reaching clinical outcomes .
The presence of SMH did not preclude the patients from undergoing further PDT .
Toxicity was low , and induction chemotherapy did not preclude delivery of concurrent chemoradiotherapy .
High risk status does not preclude successful CAPD and should not preclude its implementation .
Degenerative cusps and lack of chordae may preclude valvuloplasty and require valve replacement .
Chemonucleolysis , however , requires less resources and does not preclude subsequent operation .
Such interpretations are not acceptable and preclude rational management decisions .
Severe cardiomyopathy can be present at diagnosis and may seemingly preclude this approach .
Lymph node involvement appears to preclude beneficial resection except under special circumstances .
Each method has constraints that preclude it from being the method of choice .
This tends to preclude high fluorescence quantum yields even in extended iDPPnTs systems .
These problems can preclude achieving an optimal response with l-dopa treatment .
This does not preclude that some individuals will be affected .
Dental porcelain occasionally requires adjustment in circumstances that preclude reglazing .
High intra-twin correlations were observed , but muscle-dependent differences preclude clear conclusions toward heritability .
Side-effects were minor and did not preclude patients from continuing the study .
Pregnancy did not preclude , but did delay , recurrence .
Primary thermal ablation for small renal masses may preclude or complicate subsequent surgical salvage .
Failed PTRA did not preclude or complicate subsequent operative RA revascularization .
