Dependent functional status and peripheral vascular disease predispose to postoperative morbidity .
Do risk factors for schizophrenia predispose to emigration ?
Which malignancies predispose to melanoma ?
Lower lingual strength in healthy adults may predispose them to aspiration .
Obesity : Maternal obesity may predispose offspring to IBD .
This could predispose older persons to corneal stress and development of dry eye syndrome .
Both pregnancy and diabetes are thought to predispose to the impairment of oral health .
Elevated miR-499 levels affect cardiac gene expression and predispose to cardiac stress-induced dysfunction .
We consider several clinical phenotypes for placental dysfunction that likely predispose to fetal programming .
Stagnation is widely believed to predispose water systems to colonization by Legionella .
Our intent was to identify factors that may predispose children to these serious complications .
Sixteen percent of patients had testicular abnormalities that could predispose them to metachronous torsion .
Errors and violations are distinct , but violations often predispose to error .
Impulsivity can predispose to substance abuse or can result from it .
Heterozygous germline mutations in PALB2 predispose to breast cancer and biallelic mutations cause FA .
Neutralizing antibodies against interferon-beta do not predispose antibodies against natalizumab .
Intrinsic factors may predispose an individual to infection or exaggerated inflammatory responses .
Age and heart failure predispose multiple sources of thromboembolism .
Those mutations impair the dsRNA-induced IFN-alpha/beta and IFN-lambda production and predispose to HSE .
Anomalies of the deep and perforator venous system coexist and predispose to thromboembolic events .
Abnormal HDLs impair the ability to prevent LDL oxidation and may predispose to atherosclerosis .
Sinus disease may be either predispose a patient to or result from nasal polyps .
Inherited BRCA2 mutations predispose individuals to breast cancer and increase risk at other sites .
These primary immunodeficiencies predispose children to life-threatening infections and often remain undiagnosed .
Genetic and environmental factors predispose to developing the allergic march .
Hypoalbuminemia-induced bowel edema may predispose to change the permeability of mucosal or serosal lymphatics .
It is suggested that high levels of factor VIII might predispose for thrombosis/atherosclerosis .
We investigated the circumstances that predispose a crash occupant to this particular injury .
Infection may activate platelet function and predispose the patient to a cerebrovascular accident .
The factors found to predispose clinical outcome were similar in the two groups .
