The findings may help predict successful pregnancy in single-blastocyst transfer .
Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and isoproterenol testing in children : a valid adjunct to predict risk ?
To date , docking programs have not been used to predict interaction partners .
Does serum Tau protein predict the outcome of patients with ischemic stroke ?
However , a diagnosis for major depression or chronic depression did not predict quitting .
Dobutamine stress CMR : can we predict outcome ?
To determine psychological factors that predict success in a medical career .
Using claims-based measures to predict performance status score in patients with lung cancer .
Screening for NPHS2 mutations may help predict FSGS recurrence after transplantation .
Noninvasive cerebral oxygenation may predict outcome in patients undergoing aortic arch surgery .
CD151 expression can predict cancer progression in clear cell renal cell carcinoma .
RIFLE and Acute Kidney Injury Network classifications predict mortality in leptospirosis-associated acute kidney injury .
Atrial fibrillation : HAS-BLED--a new risk score to predict bleeding in patients with AF .
We showed that CSF neutrophils predict which patients will develop DCV .
We predict that phytoplankton is the main food resource used by these species .
Externalizing problems in girls precede and predict later parental divorce .
Asymptomatic multiclonal P. falciparum infections are common and may predict host protection .
Spirometry can guide therapies for COPD and predict outcomes when used in general practice .
A k-mer scheme to predict piRNAs and characterize locust piRNAs .
Donor human leukocyte antigen specific antibodies predict development and define prognosis in transplant glomerulopathy .
MEGAN and BEIS predict spatially similar emissions but magnitudes differ .
There is a plethora of in vitro methods to predict and characterize liver toxicity .
Various techniques have been developed to predict and measure pilot workload .
The PWM can be applied to predict and understand adolescents ' eating behaviour .
Still alluring and hard to predict at 100 .
Prostate volume does not predict for favorable PSA after cryoablation .
Team factors that predict to sustainability indicators for community-based prevention teams .
For both genders , effort did not predict self-reported health , but reward did .
Fibrinogen levels predict mortality but in a non-specific manner .
Platelet-monocyte aggregates predict troponin rise after percutaneous coronary intervention and are inhibited by Abciximab .
