Most of the patients that switched prefer their new treatment .
Some prefer the additional support offered within a clinical consultation .
Participants were also asked whether they prefer self-sampling or clinician sampling .
Would students prefer to eat healthier foods at school ?
Do N - heterocyclic aromatic rings prefer pi-stacking ?
Most individuals prefer bicycling separated from motor traffic .
Patients may prefer subcuticular incision over collagen dermal filler .
European bison prefer mosaic-type landscapes , with a preference for broad-leaved and mixed forests .
Methyltransferases prefer monomer over core-trimmed nucleosomes as in vitro substrates .
Rats learn to prefer flavors that are followed by postingestive effects of nutrients .
We discuss several models of transition/transfer but prefer a joint pediatric/adult transition clinic .
The sensory panelists tended to prefer BF for overall acceptability .
Healthy young adults prefer to step with the more unloaded limb .
Humans and animals prefer immediate over delayed rewards ( delay discounting ) .
Most of these individuals prefer to age in their homes/communities .
The authors prefer operative treatment , but this is not universally accepted .
The treatment is surgical and most authors prefer an intra-peritoneal transvesical approach .
Behavior observations confirmed that zebrafish prefer amino acids and avoid denatonium .
Unlike the Bacillus enzyme , streptococcal UGLs prefer sulfated glycosaminoglycans .
Thus , no arguments were found to prefer one index above the other .
Considering current knowledge there is no reason to prefer mefenamic acid to other NSAID .
Women prefer to work fewer hours and anticipate care tasks more often .
Colonoscopy remains an uncomfortable examination and many patients prefer to be sedated .
We prefer and propose the abdominal approach for the surgical management of Morgagni hernias .
Japanese macaques prefer fruits and seeds over leaves , and Barbary macaques prefer seeds .
Rats prefer energy-rich foods over chow and eat them to excess .
As in conventional surgery , different surgeons prefer different instruments and use different techniques .
Many patients are unable to attend hospital-based treatment and prefer home phototherapy .
However , not all families have access to non-pharmacologic interventions or prefer them .
However , they recognise that asthma has psychological repercussions and prefer self-care .
