Neglected patellar tendon rupture : preserve the fat pad .
It was not possible to preserve the ACL fibers .
The disadvantage of this fixative is its inability to preserve nucleic acids .
Myomectomy is the procedure of choice to preserve fertility in this population .
Normoventilation and mild respiratory acidosis , however , preserve cerebral oxygenation in these patients .
In addition , nitrendipine appears to preserve tissue integrity in both prophylaxis and therapy .
Emerging strategies to preserve renal function .
These aromatic molecules preserve the fundamental structural and spectroscopic features of the parent tetraarylporphyrin .
Special attention is paid to the procedures that preserve good morphology .
The basic principle of surgery was to preserve lung parenchyme as much as possible .
This approach aims to preserve bone biology and minimise surgical soft tissue trauma .
Rosiglitazone is a thiazolidinedione that reduces insulin resistance and might preserve insulin secretion .
The general purpose dimensionality reduction method should preserve data interrelations at all scales .
In conclusion , SUT might preserve membrane viability even at lower dosages .
We showed that AT-MSCs overexpressing CXCR4 preserve their ability for osteodifferentiation .
Early intervention may preserve neurological spinal function and limit persistent disability .
We found that both the implants preserve metaphyseal bone stock and increase periprosthetic BMD .
Alternative methods would ideally preserve tissue morphology and not degrade DNA or RNA .
Cycloaddition functionalizations to preserve or control the conductance of carbon nanotubes .
Parenteral nutrition is one way to preserve or to restore the nutritional equilibrium .
Nine were treated with an operation to preserve and utilize the descending colon .
Lipids were required to preserve binding activity during solubilization and throughout the purification procedure .
Take policy limitations into account and preserve benefits for their future needs .
As a result , this will possibly preserve organ function and improve patient outcome .
At the preoperative stage the desire to preserve health and to survive is prevailing .
Liver X receptors preserve renal glomerular integrity under normoglycaemia and in diabetes in mice .
Interventions that preserve or increase beta-cell mass may also prevent Type 2 diabetes .
Thus , the mitigation of metabolic disturbances may preserve or ameliorate cognitive function .
Do dental implants preserve and maintain alveolar bone ?
