We present new associations of benign and malignant tumors with Down syndrome .
We present the first reported case of CEAN arising in CM .
Here we present a review of known evidence .
Synovial cells can also present antigen to T cells to drive antigen-specific immune responses .
CU patients present serious difficulty in dealing with emotion arousal .
In this paper we present a web-based remote visualization system .
Myocarditis can present in a variety of ways , from asymptomatic to cardiogenic shock .
Peri-implant diseases present in two forms - peri-implant mucositis and peri-implantitis .
Patients often present to the dentist with a main goal of improving their esthetics .
To present two exemplary cases of adenomatoid tumors .
We describe Read&Answer and present its applications for research and assessment .
The aim of this work is to present a historical review of urological pharmacotherapy .
Legacy systems and interoperability present further challenges , and outsourcing may pose special problems .
These variants can be undetected by RFLP and they might present variable antibiotic susceptibility .
The authors present an illustrative case and describe and discuss the technique .
We present a Sagnac interferometer that uses a nonlinear adaptive medium for detection .
We present a 60-year-old man who developed hyponatraemia and hypokalaemia due to repeated vomiting .
We present an optical cavity design that is insensitive to both vibrations and orientation .
The aim of this work is to present our experience with this particular group .
Nonstationarity in extracellular recordings can present a major problem during in vivo experiments .
Some produced polyol mixtures that might present difficulties to downstream separation and purification .
Mediastinal schwannomas are typically benign and asymptomatic , and generally present no immediate risks .
Psychiatry studies are complex and present unique challenges in the Indian setting .
To present six cases of tubal stump pregnancy and discuss possible etiologies .
However , different patients present with unique problems and need to be treated individually .
Patients present with groin pain and investigated with radiographs , CT and MRA .
It can present as idiopathic form or associated with several systemic diseases .
Myelinolysis can present with features of extrapontine involvement with the pontine lesions remaining asymptomatic .
Rheumatologic conditions in children who may present to the orthopaedic surgeon .
We explore diseases that often present in annular , arciform , and/or polycyclic forms .
