Early detection in order to prevent morbidity from GEP-NETs is advocated .
Sunscreens were advised to prevent postinflammatory hyperpigmentation .
Despite conservative measures to prevent exposure , infections occur even in closed colonies .
Nebulized epinephrine ( NE ) may prevent intubation .
Comparison of daily filgrastim and pegfilgrastim to prevent febrile neutropenia in Asian lymphoma patients .
Diagnostic vigilance and prompt isolation may prevent nosocomial transmission of influenza .
The BTPE may prevent diet-induced obesity by inhibiting intestinal lipid absorption .
Community-based participatory research is a promising approach to prevent colorectal cancer in this population .
Ghana currently has no legislation to prevent smoking in public places .
Various land management strategies are used to prevent land degradation and keep land productive .
EtxB modulates the response to co-administered antigens and can prevent autoimmune disease .
Surgical removal of the lesion is indicated to prevent bleeding and avoid diagnostic uncertainty .
For example , aspirin may prevent both disorders .
Proper age verification can prevent minors from accessing tobacco products .
This complex would prevent translation by blocking eIF4E interactions required for initiation .
Vitamin E has been proposed as a treatment to prevent or decrease TD .
New methods to prevent and treat GVHD are urgently needed .
Valgancyclovir has been used as prophylactic agent to prevent and treat cytomegalovirus infection .
Treatment should prevent rupture and ameliorate cardiovascular risk .
Bone marrow stromal cell transplants prevent experimental enterocolitis and require host CD11b+ splenocytes .
Fluoride supplements prevent caries but can cause mild to moderate fluorosis .
New strategies to prevent and manage bone complications in cancer .
We investigated whether premedication with gabapentin would prevent or attenuate this increase .
Intravenous ascorbic acid to prevent and treat cancer-associated sepsis ?
Physical exercises prevent bone loss after menopause and during postmenopausaul and corticosteroid osteoporosis .
Through recuperation of the constitution , we can prevent diseases and promote health .
Nedocromil sodium may prevent the sensory nerves from becoming sensitized and inhibit their activation .
AMPK is a metabolic sensor and may prevent carcinogenesis via modulation of signaling networks .
How can I reassure my patients and prevent misinformation from affecting their treatment ?
SP-IPT can clear some submicroscopic infections but does not prevent new infections after administration .
