Racial/ethnic disparities prevail among hemodialysis patients .
In complicated adenoviral pneumonia , certain serotypes prevail with Ad-7 being the most severe .
Nature and humanity now prevail over technology .
Health claims : let science prevail .
The details prevail .
Optimal thermodynamic stability conditions must prevail when radioactivity standard solutions are prepared .
A paternalistic style seems to prevail , irrespective of patients ' educational background .
This micelle conformation was found to prevail in the entire range of temperatures .
Rumor and misinformation about oral contraceptives continue to prevail in much of Egypt .
Only neurointerventional procedures prevail in these cases , but well-equipped centers remain scarce .
Inhibitory endothelial responses prevail in the arteries , and excitatory ones in the veins .
Whether or not similar situations prevail in other leprosy-endemic geographic areas is not known .
Many micro-organisms can be incriminated , but Staphylococcus aureus and Kingella kingae markedly prevail .
The discussed disadvantages of the Judet approach are relative and its benefits clearly prevail .
In paediatric age cutaneous forms of disease prevail and may regress spontaneously .
The displacement takes place by various means , among which active cellular movements prevail .
Neoplastic nodules in which basophilic cells prevail may already be carcinomas .
As to our practice , malignancies prevail ( 57 % ) .
Mature Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms prevail compared to young biofilms in the presence of ceftazidime .
Depending on the structure , Michael addition or reduction reactions with thiols may prevail .
The interactions become comparable to , or even prevail over , classical hydrogen bonding .
In the office or at a meeting--order must prevail .
Uninformative memories will prevail : the storage of correlated representations and its consequences .
When multiple optima occur , which party 's interests prevail ?
They prevail the carotid , jugulotympanic , and vagal ones .
Of these , there prevail Charcot-Marie amyotrophy ( 2.69 per 100,000 population ) .
