Integrating multiple protein-protein interaction networks to prioritize disease genes : a Bayesian regression approach .
There is a clear need to urgently prioritize the effective management of obesity .
The dollars and senselessness in failing to prioritize childhood maltreatment prevention .
Attempts to control pain prioritize attention towards signals of pain : an experimental study .
However , it can be difficult to prioritize these within busy clinical services .
These findings may help prioritize directions for future genomic efforts .
Future research should prioritize addressing symptoms that worsen over time .
Teaching medical students to prioritize preventive services .
National pandemic plans prioritize beneficiary access to antiviral drugs and vaccines for some countries .
The Delphi technique was used to prioritize relevant aspects and construct the questionnaire .
A training committee of Association members helped prioritize training needs and manage training logistics .
Clients list possible solutions , prioritize them , and pilot test the items selected .
Physicians should prioritize evaluation of sleep dysfunction because of the association with OSA .
Little is known about how patients prioritize factors affecting their quality of life .
Future research should prioritize misoprostol - only regimens with shorter dosing intervals .
Educators can prioritize academic concerns and evaluate and provide intervention strategies .
Tobacco interventions for young adults should prioritize bars and address alcohol use .
Rehabilitation guideline developers should prioritize evidence for implementation and employ user-friendly language .
Many adults with ADHD find it difficult to focus and prioritize .
Data help effectively prioritize and target HIV prevention efforts for drug users .
Using binary classification to prioritize and curate articles for the Comparative Toxicogenomics Database .
Hospital agenda to prioritize .
Learning to prioritize .
State experts prioritize .
Third , a classification process is proposed to prioritize among various populations .
[Norway , Falun , Oregon--3 places to prioritize in health care ] .
The quantitative approach was used to prioritize between different problems and intervention areas .
