Scanning electron microscopy was used to probe the spore deposition patterns on test coupons .
Singleton synthesis was used to probe core changes .
FTIR and Raman spectroscopy were employed to probe the changes occurring in the sample .
Wavelet transforms to probe long- and short-range forces by thermally excited dynamic force spectroscopy .
Terahertz spectroscopy is shown to probe the collective modes in the water network .
Using ESI-MS to probe protein structure by site-specific noncovalent attachment of 18-crown-6 .
Biomembrane force probe investigation of RNA dissociation .
Microscopy and computational studies probe the 3D interior of the beads .
Insights into scanning probe high-field chemistry of diphenylgermane .
To probe into the reflection of " artery " phenomenon in human channels .
To probe into the relationship of different needle-retained time with therapeutic effects .
A preculture system was then used to probe for RF-specific suppressor precursor lymphocytes .
Scientists probe oxytocin therapy for social deficits in autism , schizophrenia .
We probe the stability limits of the micelle by applying hydrostatic pressure .
Scientists probe strategies to repair neuron damage in multiple sclerosis .
A cost effective simulator for education of ultrasound image interpretation and probe manipulation .
Spin - polarized scanning tunnelling microscopy accomplishes this but can probe only conducting materials .
Experimental methods to probe such structures and to decipher the results are tedious .
Noncontact interferometric optical probe for calibration of coordinate measuring machines .
Novel use of transesophageal echocardiographic probe for intraoperative epicardial imaging .
These tests probe for immunologically and biologically active BMP2 , respectively .
Mission to probe Venus 's curious winds and test solar sail for propulsion .
We probe their optical response and discuss potential novel applications .
Cells actively probe the stiffness of their surrounding and respond to it .
A nonlinear characteristic regime of biomembrane force probe .
Microwave field distribution in a magic angle spinning dynamic nuclear polarization NMR probe .
Enantioselective synthesis of nicotinic receptor probe 7,8-difluoro-1,2,3,4,5,6- hexahydro-1,5-methano-3-benzazocine .
To probe and systematize the ancient cauterization with pyropuncture needle for evacuation of pus .
Using noise to probe and characterize gene circuits .
To probe or not to probe .
