Biliary epithelial cells are quiescent cells that are able to proliferate in pathophysiological settings .
Primary human osteoblasts attach , spread and proliferate well on both types of coatings .
The hybrid cell lines display fibroblastic morphology and proliferate like immortal cells .
Leydig cells isolated by differential adhesion proliferate actively in the modified culture media .
PS can infrequently proliferate aggressively with more differentiated features .
Our study demonstrates that PECs proliferate in HIV and pamidronate - associated cFSGS .
They have the potential to proliferate and to differentiate into mature endothelial cells .
The liver is characterized by a remarkable ability to proliferate and self-renew .
The BJ1 cells were able to proliferate and kill the specific target .
The cells proliferate and form multicellular spheroids .
The initiated cells can thus proliferate robustly and progress to a malignancy .
These cells proliferate and form discrete tumors that contain rIGF-II and abundant IGF-II receptors .
Hematopoietic stem cells proliferate until after birth and show a reversible phase-specific engraftment defect .
These Thy-1-positive cells proliferate in the cultures and can generate cytotoxic responses .
During embryonic and postnatal development they actively proliferate and generate myelinating oligodendrocytes .
Binucleated cells proliferate slowly .
Melatonin stimulated control osteoblasts to proliferate .
Cells from the superficial layer proliferate significantly faster than those from the deep layer .
Leukemic cells are also able to survive and proliferate in severely hypoxic environments .
Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia cells survive and proliferate in patients but rapidly die in culture .
Isolated hepatocytes have quiescent cell function and seldom proliferate in culture .
Cells formed spheroidal aggregates while continuing to proliferate long term and expressing phenotypic stability .
KFs migrate and proliferate faster than NFs .
PHA also showed its ability to proliferate cells .
Signaling cascades proliferate signals received on the cell membrane to the nucleus .
Podocytes proliferate : novel mechanism identified in collapsing glomerulopathies .
When germ cells are damaged , Leydig cells in the vicinity proliferate faster .
In addition , NGF over-expressing keratinocytes proliferate better than mock transfected cells .
In conclusion , CLL B cells proliferate at reduced levels compared with healthy controls .
It was found that in most cases leukemic cells proliferate slower than normal cells .
