Cancer-associated autoantibodies hold promise as sensitive biomarkers for early detection of cancer .
Advanced MRI techniques hold promise for filling this void .
These findings hold promise for practical use in future mass transport in complex circuits .
New technical advances promise to facilitate future progress .
Technology advances hold promise to minimize the challenging technical nature of scarless surgery .
New technologies promise to improve blood supply safety .
Also feature or dimension reduction techniques based on statistical models promise only limited success .
The results indicate that the PHEMAH cryogel disks promise high selectivity for pDNA .
ZnPc - loaded PCL NPs are the release systems that promise photodynamic therapy use .
A promise : experiences during a Bara elective .
These new developments promise more specific and successful arrhythmia management in the future .
Further technological developments promise better assessments than can presently be offered .
From promise to reality : achieving the value of an EHR .
Nursing science : more promise than threat .
Tories ' promise for the NHS .
Such interventions hold promise for increasing vaccination rates annually and in pandemic situations .
Anti-tumor mAbs hold promise for cancer therapy , but are relatively inefficient .
The promise and obstacles of asthma genetics research .
Trazodone , mirtazapine , and ramelteon hold promise but require further study .
Legacy interventions hold promise and are simple to implement .
Antiangiogenic therapy : more promise and , yet again , more questions .
Opinion exchange : how much can you promise a patient ?
New fluorophobes now promise better clinical applicability .
These molecular medicines seem to promise clues for curing cancers , including pancreatic cancer .
More recent versions of AIMS promise improved capabilities and will require similar evaluation .
The new discoveries concerning mammary carcinoma promise hope and offer surgeons a demanding challenge .
Therapeutic approaches using gene-based medicines promise alternatives or adjuncts to conventional cancer treatment .
Intracranial posterior circulation stenting : promise but still without evidence .
Techniques for measuring ventricular function are evolving and promise to provide clinically useful accuracy .
The placebo : promise and compromise .
