The current lack of information characterizing MCHDF impedes clinicians from making prompt differential diagnoses .
It therefore requires prompt therapeutic intervention .
It requires prompt recognition and adjustment of therapy .
This would prompt a workup to rule out thyroid carcinoma .
Patients with recurrent stroke need prompt thrombolysis .
Changing geographic trends regarding acid-peptic disease may prompt modification of diagnostic approach and treatment .
This feature is unique and may prompt future adoption by other guidelines systems .
Careful surveying and prompt treatment is necessary .
In this regard , the infrequent occurrence has hindered its prompt and early recognition .
Cost-cutting demands prompt trusts to ' explore all options ' .
For the treatment of SGA aneurysms , prompt and precise preoperative evaluation is important .
Considering ASR as a life-threatening condition , a prompt diagnosis can be life saving .
The cardiac tamponade was treated with prompt pericardial fluid drainage .
Comparative tissue transcriptomics reveal prompt inter-organ communication in response to local bacterial kidney infection .
Prognosis depends on prompt recognition and institution of appropriate therapy .
Acute massive pulmonary thromboembolism is a life-threatening disorder , and prompt treatment is necessary .
Surgery is inevitable , must be prompt , and comprises adnexectomy .
Our early results are promising and should prompt further studies to confirm these findings .
By contrast , high levels should prompt the performance of an echocardiographic examination .
Treatment is prompt surgical decompression by performing fasciotomy in any affected muscular compartments .
Endocrinology. Mice prompt look at cholesterol 's role in female fertility .
Treatment needs to be prompt and urgent because of the very high mortality rate .
Thirty-six cases of pseudobulbar palsy treated by needling with prompt and deep insertion .
Malaria control strategies emphasize the need for prompt and effective treatment of malaria episodes .
Despite poor prognosis , prompt diagnosis and aggressive treatment may maximize visual potential .
The treatment of intra-abdominal sepsis is primarily centered around prompt , appropriate surgical intervention .
The diagnosis of the disease should be as prompt as possible .
Early detection allowed for appropriate counseling and prompt corrective surgery after birth .
Recommended therapy is intravenous penicillin and prompt drainage for patients failing to respond .
Fine-needle aspiration cytology provided prompt and accurate diagnosis in all patients .
