Specific intervention strategies for overweight children may be needed to promote PA .
When used effectively , portfolios provide evidence of continuous learning and promote reflective practice .
This will facilitate early diagnostic clarification and promote efficient treatment strategies .
Preanesthesia clinics promote safety and cost savings .
Asymmetric cell divisions promote Notch - dependent epidermal differentiation .
Agency aims to inform girls about contraception to promote development .
Construction of pathways to promote axon growth within the adult central nervous system .
The potential of communities of practice to promote evidence-informed practice within nursing homes .
Seasonal rainfall and runoff promote coral disease on an inshore reef .
Inflammation and oxidative stress are thought to promote tissue damage in multiple sclerosis .
In addition , Mms1 appears to specifically promote chromosomal rearrangements in a recombination assay .
I also outline three possible approaches to promote research integrity in bioethics .
ERbeta and PEA3 co-activate IL-8 expression and promote the invasion of breast cancer cells .
Public policies aim to promote well-being , and ultimately the quality of later life .
Histone deacetylase ( HDAC ) inhibitors are neuroprotective and also promote neurogenesis .
Multiple studies have shown that phenytoin can promote wound healing and induce faster fibrosis .
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi ( AMF ) can promote plant growth and affect plant form .
A novel program to promote competency and hospice and palliative medicine board certification .
Hypothermia impairs but hyperthermia does not promote inert gas elimination in the rat .
In addition , constant re-evaluation and assessment will promote further improvement and increase reliability .
In vitro , paxillin may promote cell proliferation and inhibit apoptosis in SW480 cells .
Ibogaine --be informed before you promote or prescribe .
It has the potential to promote and reinforce collaborative relationships between clinicians and patients .
Third , patient-based efforts to promote and participate in evidence-based practice are explored .
Chemokine receptors are found on cell surfaces and promote cellular migration by chemotaxis .
Bisphosphonates are promising agents to maintain and/or promote bone mass in this patient group .
Studying processes that hinder or promote identity development in later life is of importance .
Transmembrane protein tetraspanins either promote or suppress tumor invasion and metastasis .
Previous cross-sectional research has suggested single cigarettes could either promote or inhibit consumption .
The immune system can both promote and suppress cancer .
