Thus , activity did not propagate as a wave .
Segmentation manifests as rhythmic local constrictions that do not propagate along the intestine .
Both strains could propagate in the cultures with pH values from 5.0 to 9.0 .
These spike trains both encode and propagate information that guides behavior .
Fresh fetal corneas were explanted to propagate primary corneal endothelial cells .
The ability of TLRs to initiate and propagate inflammation makes them attractive therapeutic targets .
Epileptiform discharges were found to propagate around hippocampal circuits .
How does the QB site influence propagate to the QA site in photosystem II ?
They appeared to propagate in either the oral or aboral direction .
They propagate from the micropipet outward and interact with endogenous OD waves .
Distinct tau prion strains propagate in cells and mice and define different tauopathies .
Many moss-dwelling species propagate by parthenogenesis , but heterogony has not yet been found .
We then used thermal diffusion to propagate the modulus throughout the finite element model .
Matrigel allows for a conducive environment to propagate LNCaP cells in nude mice .
Voltage-gated Na ( + ) channels initiate and propagate action potentials in excitable cells .
The large CFUs could propagate more than the small CFUs .
In some circumstances , ITAM can mediate inhibition and ITIM can propagate activation signals .
Characterization of an artificial antigen-presenting cell to propagate cytolytic CD19 - specific T cells .
ROS propagate inflammation by stimulating release of mediators such as NO and cytokines .
The main apoptotic mediators are caspases , which propagate death signals to downstream targets .
Second , neurons should propagate selective inputs by burst-firing in response to them .
Cooling immediately and continuously enables a psychrotrophic saprophytic microflora to propagate .
This activity generally did not propagate .
If proaggregatory factors predominate , the thrombus may propagate , leading to vessel occlusion .
These inocula were unable to produce patent infections or to propagate through vectors .
It did not plate or propagate on S. typhimurium strains harbouring the plasmids .
Deep medial lesions are common and could propagate soon after injury to form pseudoaneurysms .
The mechanisms that generate and propagate these oscillations are poorly understood .
They were efficiently used to propagate several animal viruses and to titrate chicken interferon .
The Agency is committed to propagate its utility and assist in the implementation process .
