We propose to test three hypotheses in a stepwise sequence .
We propose that border ownership selectivity reflects mechanisms that create object continuity .
We propose a simple model that accounts quantitatively for many of the experimental observations .
We here propose the concept of enhanced evanescent tunneling ( EET ) .
We propose the term precursor plasma cell neoplasm for these tumors .
They then propose first steps aimed at remedying each domain .
As a result , we propose another definition for VRE clearance .
In this paper we propose a new approach to on-line Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model identification .
Based on our simulations we propose analytical expressions for the interaction potentials .
We discuss possible reasons for these inconsistent findings and propose new study designs .
We review the salient advances in the field and propose further directions of investigation .
We were further able to propose a pathophysiologic explanation .
In this chapter , we propose a hybrid solution that combines the above-mentioned methods .
In this study , the investigators propose five preliminary criteria to establish the diagnosis .
In this paper , we propose that Zds1 / Zds2 primarily control Cdc55 localization .
We propose and experimentally demonstrate an advanced method for chromatic dispersion measurement of fiber .
Shortfalls in our current system were identified and potential further development regimes were propose .
We propose and demonstrate a self-referencing alignment technique to conveniently enlarge fabricated grating area .
We propose an all-optical OFDM system with AWGs and demonstrate the simulation results .
We propose an appropriate method and evaluate its performance .
We propose several imputation procedures for this problem and compare different methods of estimation .
We extract differential directed flow from these data and propose a new direct measurement .
We identified why this jump occurs and propose a solution .
To propose a simple classification system and define management recommendations .
Our aim is to propose a selection procedure on the basis of motor abilities .
This enables to propose a new regard on the mechanism of temperature homeostasis maintenance .
The aim was to propose a scheme as immune as possible to analytical biases .
