Accordingly , antioxidant drugs have been shown to protect the myocardium against ischemia/reperfusion injury .
These two bisphoshonates protect FGF2 from tryptic digestion in vitro .
Maintenance of IKKbeta activity is necessary to protect lung grafts from acute injury .
The results suggest that DAS may protect cartilage in the development of OA .
TJ could protect HUVECs against oxidative injury induced by H2O2 .
In contrast , Wnt3a did not protect RGC-5 cells from oxidative stress or hypoxia .
World Kidney Day 2011 : protect your kidneys , save your heart .
Effective collaborations : how to protect yourself , your collaborators , and your data .
All names have been changed to protect patient anonymity .
Higher intakes of fluid appear to protect against CKD .
Most successful vaccines elicit antibodies that protect against infection .
Influenza vaccination is known to protect against AOM by preventing influenza illness .
Bisoprolol can also protect against AMI because it increases APN expression .
Avoiding cardiopulmonary bypass does not protect against neuropsychiatric complications in elderly patients .
These changes may protect against development of salt-sensitive hypertension .
Would mandatory vaccines protect nurses and patients ?
Strong support for campaigns to protect pay , terms and conditions .
Exogenous H2S replacement therapy can protect important organs of rats with severe burn .
Inflammatory pathways protect the body from infection and promote healing following injury .
In animal models HDLs protect LDL from oxidation and blunt platelet activation .
This will protect endogenous bradykinin from breakdown and prolong its action on endothelial receptors .
How these cells function and protect themselves from injury is unknown .
Catalases are efficient scavengers of H2O2 and protect cells against H2O2 stress .
The intestinal epithelium functions to absorb nutrients and to protect the organism against microbes .
It has been suggested to have beneficial anti-inflammatory properties and to protect kidney function .
Using contract provisions to protect your organization and create successful vendor partnerships .
Save a life and protect your own .
Close supportive relationships protect against psychological disorders and also facilitate recovery .
HLA-B * 0702 allele may protect against severe CBZ hypersensitivity but warrants further study .
Exogenous thiols protect against inactivation , but oxidized thiols accelerate inactivation .
