Understanding school facilitators and barriers to PE should prove useful to EBPE dissemination efforts .
These results suggest that Rac1 may prove to be a therapeutic target .
These cells will prove valuable for functional human MC studies .
In this environment , the device can prove to be large and cumbersome .
Investigation of novel penalty functions may prove fruitful in further refining psychiatric phenotypes .
Therefore parthenolide may prove as a useful therapy for certain cardiovascular disease .
These drugs need more investigation to prove their function as chemoprevention of prostatic disease .
Too few participants used the additional bupropion - SR to prove its effectiveness .
The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test was used to prove normal distribution .
Parks are the answer : help us prove it .
Psychological programmes prove as well effectiveness , if they include cognitive behaviour therapy .
Culture negative endocarditis and aortic root abscess can prove difficult diagnostic challenges .
Telemedicine have a role for Icelandic healthcare and may prove to be very useful .
Nutrition support in this stage is unproven and may ultimately prove detrimental .
A therapy with L-carnitine should be undertaken , but does not always prove effective .
Whether or not they prove accurate , these ideas are an untapped psychoanalytic resource .
Such complication can prove embarrassing to the surgeon and worry some for the patient .
Cardiac hypertrophy leads to heart failure , and both conditions can ultimately prove lethal .
Due to varying symptomatology , its diagnosis can prove difficult .
We prove this in a simple , transparent manner .
Numerous studies could prove their efficiency within the endodontic procedure .
Agents that inhibit MMP may prove useful in treating GTD .
This arises in part because the premise is so difficult to prove in people .
Diagnosis is difficult to prove without a biopsy .
However , further studies are necessary to prove these biomechanical results in composite bone .
Definitive biopsies are required to prove cancer irrespective of the maxSUV value .
Mould-induced histamine release failed to prove sensitization in only two patients .
All of our results are consistent with this possibility but do not prove it .
These results are consistent with , but do not prove , pump electrogenicity .
The initial results are encouraging and clearly prove feasibility .
