The overall results provide a means of estimating dFRC at any PEEP levels .
We provide a comprehensive analysis of a contemporary patient population .
The authors provide insights and recommendations on the development and delivery of the program .
The second objective was to provide reliability and validity data supporting the DAS-O .
A multifaceted approach was used to provide clarity regarding these three equally important concepts .
Labor epidural is commonly used to provide both regional anesthesia and postoperative pain relief .
Extensive experiments demonstrate the proposed techniques can provide faster reconstruction without compromising image quality .
Unsedated transnasal ultrathin esophagogastroduodenoscopy may provide better diagnostic performance in gastroesophageal reflux disease .
Social workers provide care to patients and families in the adult critical care unit .
When used effectively , portfolios provide evidence of continuous learning and promote reflective practice .
Medical doctors provide mostly curative services and have limited support from other health professionals .
These videos largely provide nonsuicidal self-injury information and/or express a hopeless or melancholic message .
FTKs are low cost , provide fast results , and are commercially available .
These procedures have proven to be highly efficient and provide a reliable outcome .
TI complexes have adjuvant properties and can provide protective properties to porin vaccine constructs .
NIRCs may provide very significant advantages against bleedings encountered during intraventricular operations .
Staff was encouraged to provide comments on prevention .
Dexmedetomidine is a suitable agent to provide sedation for EEG recording in children .
IS10 - left can also provide these functions but at a much reduced level .
Of the 333 respondents , 195 provide prosthodontic treatment and function as general dentists .
In infectious syndromes and in patients with cancer , neopterin concentrations provide prognostic information .
The EPR results along with the simulation analysis provide elucidated SC lipid structure .
These spatiotemporal proteomics data provide leads to the further functional characterization of centrosomal proteins .
Mechanisms of perceptual organization provide auto-zoom and auto-localization for attention to objects .
Invasive plants are common and may provide resources through litter for container mosquito larvae .
Safe harbor regulations are official , but provide little room to anchor .
The efforts of our predecessors are honored and provide us with inspiration .
Furthermore , we evaluate the information these quantities provide about the neural code .
The simplicity and reliability of the assay provide for high-throughput applications and automation .
How far does local competence in vaccine development and production provide that possibility ?
