Fluorescence-activated cell sorting was applied to purify CD44+ cells .
Monoclonal antibody to the Thy-1.2 antigen can be used to purify the mice RGC .
Thin layer chromatography ( TLC ) was performed to purify the individual phospholipids .
HPLC is used to purify the caged transmitters at the end of the syntheses .
First , protein G affinity chromatography was used to purify IgG from equine plasma .
A simple procedure was established to purify the expression product from the culture medium .
Here , we sought to purify and characterize the haemagglutinin associated with this activity .
However , the enzymes have defied attempts to purify and characterize them .
High resolution gel exclusion chromatography was used to purify and characterize the synthetic junction .
A simple , integrated process was used to extract and purify the target protein .
This platform has been used to purify natural products and discover their molecular mechanisms .
Various chromatographic techniques were used to separate and purify the aporphine alkaloids .
CadF protein is very hard to purify from Campylobacter membranes .
The bispecific monoclonal antibody is thus easy to purify in excellent yields .
Moreover , the intermediates in synthesis are easier to purify , with better yields .
A rapid procedure to purify Escherichia coli DNA topoisomerase I .
( 4 ) Cryopreservation may partially purify islet-containing tissue of its exocrine content .
With this pH we ran labscale columns to purify monoclonal antibody .
Isolate and purify compounds by chromatographic methods , and identify structures by spectroscopic methods .
Ion exchange chromatography was used to separate and purify PEGylated rhG-CSF from unPEGylated rhG-CSF .
Also we developed new methods to produce and purify the lantibiotic from strain NU10 .
A simple , non-chromatographic procedure to purify immunoglobulins from serum and ascites fluid .
A simple and feasible approach to purify konjac glucomannan from konjac flour--temperature effect .
IMAC allowed us to purify ICD from bacterial crude with SlyD co-eluting .
Our aim was to clone , express , purify and characterize E. carotovora asparaginase .
Here , we purify and clone the protease responsible for cleaving MLL .
Here we purify and characterize empty capsids from the conditionally replicating rAd .
Here , we partially purify this second MAPKKK and identify it as B-Raf .
To purify , clone and characterize dog dander allergen Can f 4 .
