Subsequent thermal treatment was applied for growing mixed crystal structures to pursue higher performance .
One of the larval strategies to pursue spider eggs is spider-boarding .
To pursue contribution of PP in hepatocarcinogenesis .
Twenty percent of women did not pursue cycle-based treatment ; approximately half pursued IVF .
Only a few states rigorously pursue this method .
It appears worthwhile to pursue these further .
We have to pursue research of candidate genes by whole genome scan .
Some have been informed that they cannot pursue careers in aviation .
After taking this course , students have gone on to pursue global field experiences .
Within it the vessels pursue a tortuous course with sinusoidal dilatations and constrictions .
In the current study we pursue a new , safe and cost-effective solution .
Pregnancy rates among Myanmar migrant workers who pursue employment in Thailand .
These hypotheses are under investigation and will pursue confirmation in controlled clinical trials .
Agency lost its antitrust case in court but can still pursue an administrative complaint .
Neurosurgery trainees are encouraged to undertake laboratory research and pursue higher academic degrees .
The decision to pursue or not to pursue fellowship training .
This condition is sometimes reversible and therapy should therefore pursue this outcome .
These tumors pursue an aggressive course with rapid local recurrences and are frequently fatal .
Hospitals pursue new superstars : famous physicians .
Researchers have found that men and women pursue sex-appropriate strategies to attract mates .
[Should we pursue escaped patients ? ] .
Each student identifies an interest to pursue independently from the perspective of community care .
Valve replacement seems reasonable to pursue in select patients .
Positive results would indicate promising areas to pursue in a follow-up study .
The need to pursue and publish clinical trials in nanomedicine .
Joint ventures : to pursue or not to pursue ?
Physicians need to pursue and determine the cause of pulsatile tinnitus and intracranial hypertension .
