When trichloroisocyanuric acid is put into water , chlorine gas is produced .
First of all the term and its meaning are put into a historical context .
This in turn means that clinical trials can be put on hold .
Suggestions for violence prevention efforts are put forth as well .
Based on the histologic features , a diagnosis of DPN was put forward .
A preexisting hiatal hernia may put patients at a higher risk of incarceration .
Recent health care reform has put it center stage .
A role for proteases in PH has been recently put forward .
Calcium channels put synapses in their place .
Background. A community-based study put the prevalence of hypertension in Nigeria at 32.8 % .
Looking beyond the boundaries : time to put landmarks back on the cognitive map ?
Homeland Security science chief aims to put house in order .
Hints that statins reduce colon cancer risk finally being put to the test .
Less shoulder range of motion was used to put on the prototype coat .
The great promise of stem cells is finally being put to the test .
Do cilia put brakes on the cell cycle ?
McGrath describes several principles that can help you put intelligent failure to work .
Lack of such algorithms may relevantly delay treatment and put patients at further risk .
All the patients were put under urinary antiseptic treatment and followed since the birth .
Pericarditis was suspected and the patient put on aspirin , 500 mg/d .
Fused teeth crowns were separated and orthodontic appliances were put in place .
Top executives staying put .
The surgical procedures put together , are all superior to radiotherapy concerning organ preservation .
Valuing biodiversity and ecosystem services : Why put economic values on Nature ?
Between 2004 and 2007 quality criteria were developed and put into practice .
He also had hypoxemia and was therefore intubated and put on mechanical ventilation .
Remaining 9 patients had a large tumor size and were put on tamoxifen .
These findings are discussed , and assumptions on their meaning are put forward .
Their mechanism is obscure and several explanations have been put forward .
Several hypotheses have been put forward to explain it , but none is conclusive .
