Does a somatic causal attribution style qualify for a diagnostic criterion in somatoform disorders ?
FDA action allows more obese patients to qualify for a bariatric procedure .
Twenty-eight patients had adequate downstaging to qualify for LT under the Milan criteria .
Why it 's tougher than ever to qualify for help .
Patients who need dialysis for more than 2 years qualify for renal transplantation .
Patients need not be malnourished to qualify for TPN .
These metabolite classes can be used to qualify berries collected in an undetermined environment .
The Performance Index ( PI ) was used to qualify the different methods .
More studies are needed to better qualify pain management for children under PDL treatment .
These findings qualify these compounds as new probes to investigate intracellular calcium homeostasis .
These data qualify mesoangioblasts as candidates for future stem cell therapy for Duchenne patients .
Their frequency and morbidity qualify them as significant aquatic problems .
Additionally , the phantom may be applied to qualify assurance measurements in computer tomography .
Aimed , special-pedagogic measures may contribute to qualify the behaviour as to spare time .
A previously accepted criterion was used to qualify a paper as an epidemiologic work .
EPA Superfund list and qualify for federal cleanup funds .
These trypanosomes are not monophyletic clades and do not qualify for species status .
Thus Aboriginal infants are " otitis-prone " and might qualify for prophylactic antibiotics .
Algorithms to qualify respiratory data collected during the transport of trauma patients .
Strange things happen when we never qualify the frequency .
The results qualify past claims about the separation of locations and objects in VWM .
Nine patients did not qualify for surgical therapy and were treated conservatively .
Cardiovascular risk factors in chronic kidney disease : does phosphate qualify ?
Regulations include inter-country reciprocal agreements and specific categories of individuals who qualify .
Changing the Act : will I qualify ?
To qualify or disqualify the radiological source material for further studies .
How to qualify and validate wear simulation devices and methods .
The $ 3600 exclusion : do you or do n't you qualify ?
