More recently , LC-MS methods have being adapted to quantitate biologics .
This study was designed to analyze and quantitate phospholipid components of liposomes .
The method was used to test and quantitate the pyrogen levels in polymeric biomaterials .
Microcomputed tomography was utilized to quantitate bone microstructure at the repair site .
Newly developed immunoassays can be used to quantitate these markers in routine laboratories .
A method to quantitate viral envelope-cell fusion at the single-cell level is presented .
A microfluidic device captures a single cell to separate and quantitate its protein content .
Meta-analysis was employed to quantitate the mean overall expected changes and compare various techniques .
A rapid radiometric technique used to trap and quantitate 14CO2 evolved by slow-growing microorganisms .
Use of flow cytometry and monochlorobimane to quantitate intracellular glutathione concentrations in feline leukocytes .
It can quantitate the copy number of bcr - abl oncogene .
An agar culture technique to quantitate Trichomonas vaginalis from women .
These tests are insensitive and difficult to quantitate and reproduce .
Nuclear penogram can quantitate and record the effect of pharmacologic treatment of impotence .
Decision analysis provides the tools to quantitate and compare the utilities of alternate strategies .
Use of high-performance liquid chromatography to quantitate thymine - containing pyrimidine dimers in DNA .
KD values quantitate binding effects between DAPI and the native and analogue sequences .
An improved automated method to quantitate infarct volume in triphenyltetrazolium stained rat brain sections .
To quantitate glutamine kinetics in premature infants and determine whether glutamine affects leucine metabolism .
Capillary electrophoresis to quantitate gossypol enantiomers in cotton flower petals and seed .
Treatment response can be difficult to quantitate in children .
The gas chromatographic method reported here allows us to detect and quantitate in approx .
They are however difficult to quantitate due to experimental conditions .
