Ruminal content was sampled five times during the trial to quantify ruminal protozoa .
There are insufficient data at present to quantify this effect .
The field of proteomics strives to observe and quantify this protein diversity .
An optical experimental method to accurately quantify agent concentration in agarose is presented .
Double serum samples were analyzed to quantify IgM and IgG to parvovirus B19 .
A scoring system was used to quantify changes in the TCR repertoire over time .
Methods have emerged to accurately quantify excess risk and identify space-time disparities .
To quantify calcium loss and improve understanding of calcium homeostasis in CVVHD-F .
To quantify external contamination of methotrexate vials and alert about occupational health hazards .
Functionalized quantum dots to quantify NADPH and their use for NADP +-dependent biocatalyzed transformations .
The method does not quantify any of the sample components .
Metal-enhanced fluorescence to quantify bacterial adhesion .
This enabled us to quantify them in hair samples within average therapeutic concentration ranges .
Performance characteristics of a methodology to quantify adverse events over time in hospitalized patients .
Fluorescence imaging to quantify the fluorescent microspheres in cardiac tissue .
BrainNetVis : an open-access tool to effectively quantify and visualize brain networks .
Here , we use a novel image analysis method to quantify and categorise invasion .
We conducted a systematic review to quantify and examine the discrepancies .
A method to sequence and quantify DNA integration for monitoring outcome in gene therapy .
Identify and quantify GAGs in placental of pregnant women in healthy pregnancy and PE .
To quantify the oral cutaneous fistulae after surgery and to identify possible risk factors .
Velocity vector imaging to quantify ventricular dyssynchrony and predict response to cardiac resynchronization therapy .
Antiretroviral hair levels objectively quantify drug exposure over time and predict virologic responses .
qMSP quantify methylation levels and have high sensitivity and specificity .
Electron backscattered diffraction as a tool to quantify subgrains in deformed calcite .
Moreover , TBI is difficult to quantify with conventional imaging modalities .
Further studies are needed to identify and quantify the unidentified organofluorines in seawater .
With dynamic examinations , we can quantify the data and assess hip stability .
