The pain may radiate across the hip joint and the thigh bones .
A model is developed whereby cracks can radiate from an elliptical fluid filled void .
Prominent bundles of microfilaments radiate from the cell body into the cell processes .
Long and branched reticulopodia radiate from the cell .
The lasing emission was also found to radiate in all directions .
In some cases , filaments appeared to radiate from foci within the cell .
Type III-cells are radiate multidendritic ( longdendritic , tapering ) uniaxonal neurons .
The iris vessels demonstrate a radiate distribution of about 180-200 branches .
Emptying rate of gastric fluid was determined with radiate nuclide ( 99m ) Tc .
Cardiac pain may radiate to the face and lead patients to seek dental care .
Pain frequently radiate proximally into the forearm , and occasionally to the shoulder .
Cardiac pain may radiate to the face and lead patients to seek dental care .
Unilaminar neurons with multipolar radiate , bitufted , and intermediate types of dendrites .
Multilaminar neurons with multipolar radiate , bitufted , and intermediate types of dendrites .
Some jewelry powders radiate far-infrared rays .
At this pressure the pinch will not form so the plasma will not radiate .
Structure of a radiate pseudocolony associated with an intrauterine contraceptive device .
However , balloons do not radiate omnidirectionally .
Each has neurons with radiate or weakly tufted dendritic arbors .
Tendrils of DNA , primarily duplex , radiate outward from these centers .
The iridian zone proper has one radiate artery for 3 or 4 veins .
( ii ) Particles can radiate a fraction of their energy during the process .
With this technique many epithelial cells radiate a bright yellow fluorescence .
Beta-particle-emitting stents radiate enthusiasm in the search for effective prevention of restenosis .
Based upon their dendritic morphology , two types were identified , radiate and fusiform .
The cells in layer 3 have the smallest soma and radiate dendrites .
Brushite stones reveal radiate structure and are hard .
