Arctic oil drilling plans raise environmental health concerns .
These findings raise questions about the accuracy of pulmonary hypertension diagnosis codes .
These contextual influences raise critical challenges for the field of population health intervention research .
The importance of staff training in order to raise knowledge and awareness is highlighted .
The present paper serves to raise awareness of this intervention and its potential .
Medio-lateral translation during knee flexion continues to raise controversy .
We place this in context and raise issues for discussion and further experimentation .
Examples are given to raise awareness of the problem and initiate possible solutions .
The purified glycoprotein GTH was used to raise antibodies and to develop a radioimmunoassay .
Our results also raise interest into ITGB3 influences on feto-maternal immune interactions in autism .
Release of acetylcholine by Hon-Chi to raise insulin secretion in Wistar rats .
They raise the issue of care because of severe neurological sequella .
Pesticide treatments against the parasite raise environmental concerns and their efficacy is gradually decreasing .
Unions raise nurses ' pay and increase nurse/patient staffing ratios .
They raise fibrinolytic activity and inhibit thrombocyte aggregation .
Prevention programs should aim to raise age at first contact with alcohol .
Initiatives have been taken to raise compliance with the system .
We have tried to raise several issues in this paper .
These data raise concerns for long-term problems with weight in this group of Veterans .
Is the psoas a hip flexor in the active straight leg raise ?
Risk score increases when variables indicating the individual vulnerability raise .
The puberal growth was coincident with the raise in plasma testosterone .
The anterolateral leg island flap is thin , reliable and relatively easy to raise .
This migratory flux has contributed to a raise of heterogeneity at multiple levels .
In addition , palm oil consumption may raise HDL levels and reduce platelet aggregability .
News media raise public awareness about health and can influence public policy agenda .
In this article , we raise this question , and offer some tentative conclusions .
We have also seen the raise and , probably unwarranted , fall of radioimmunotherapy .
