A ligand-directed growth mechanism was subsequently proposed to rationalize the growth process .
Representatives from all the three groups are then compared to rationalize their substrate specificity .
Molecular modeling was used to rationalize the observed selectivity .
Molecular modeling enabled us to rationalize this behavior .
Intraligand hydrophobic interactions rationalize drug affinities for peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase protein .
Computational methods to rationalize experimental strategies in biocatalysis .
We attempted to rationalize the findings by rheological characterization of the cell-alginate suspensions .
An approach to rationalize these data by oscillation rheometry is shown .
It would be impossible to rationalize pharmacotherapy without these data .
They have the potential to rationalize everyday practice , and stimulate further research .
There is ample opportunity to rationalize practices and reduce expenditure .
Together , our results rationalize DCAMKL-1 as a therapeutic target for eradicating pancreatic cancers .
We rationalize these results by means of an energetic balance argument .
We could rationalize the formation of all metabolites by invoking ipso-hydroxylation and ipso-substitution mechanisms .
These design principles rationalize existing experimental results and generate testable hypotheses .
The lectures on basic science were designed to rationalize and explicate clinical practices .
Modern methods of drug discovery are rarely used to rationalize and speed-up the process .
Medicare managed care : to ration or to rationalize .
One can rationalize that the athetoid involuntary trunk movement may induce stress-related lumbar disorders .
Our ECR-LBD protein models rationalize how 20E and dibenzoylhydrazines interact with the ligand-binding pocket .
SemanticEye : a semantic web application to rationalize and enhance chemical electronic publishing .
Why is it that many individuals verbally rationalize and distort self-esteem threatening information ?
The international competition forces the national economies continually to rationalize and to introduce automation .
