Histidines in the octapeptide repeat of PrPC react with PrPSc at an acidic pH .
In contrast , the less sterically crowded 6 does not react with these substrates .
Autoimmune ANA / ENA reference sera react preferentially with DS affinity-fractionated cellular proteins .
The same product is formed when 1 is allowed to react with trimethylamine N-oxide .
On the other hand , the tetrahydroisohumulones did not react with 1-hydroxyethyl radicals .
Working together to develop and react to public policy .
The C. trachomatis DUBs react with activity-based probes and hydrolyse ubiquitinated and neddylated substrates .
Granulocytes , monocytes and platelets react with the antibody , but erythrocytes do not .
CO could react with the active hydroxyl species and generate formate species .
Fr I strongly reacted with HGM75 but did not react with HIK1083 .
Unlike uric acid , the stones crush easily and do not react with uricase .
4-Hydroxy-2-acetylaminofluorene was not mutagenic and did not react with the nucleophile , guanosine .
Global coagulation tests react very sensitive to direct thrombin inhibitors or factor Xa inhibitors .
Tobacco-derived toxicants can react to form potent cancer causing compounds .
These carbonyl oxide compounds react to form dioxanes and hydroperoxides .
Serine proteinase from S. aureus neither react nor inactivates the investigated inhibitor .
Proteins are precipitated immediately and carbonyl compounds react to form fluorescent azine derivatives .
Youth react aggressively or repress a racist experience by negating it .
Legiobactin is iron repressed and does not react in the Csaky and Arnow assays .
In TraX + cells , both become acetylated and react with JEL93 .
Read and react : the football formula .
Coping was defined as the ways in which subjects react to life stress .
A dominant mechanism by which cells react to stress involves GSK-3beta .
Neither did they react with guanidinium chloride extracts of a number of non-cartilaginous tissues .
Prepuberal gilts react more sensitively to DON > ZON feeding compared with pregnant sows .
Pseudophakic accommodating eyes react similarly compared to the phakic accommodating eyes of young individuals .
The peritoneum is a special milieu within which T cells react .
The antigen with which the McAbs react varies in mol .
The amino acid sequences of the epitopes to which antisera react were not known .
