Standard treatment involves administration of intravenous atropine and oxime to reactivate inhibited acetylcholinesterase .
Hydrodynamic injection has been shown to reactivate silenced transgene expression in mouse liver .
Temperature manipulation alone was used to induce and reactivate latent HSV-1 infections .
Furthermore , 10HDA can reactivate the expression of epigenetically silenced genes in mammalian cells .
These APCs reactivate T cells specific for all the stimulating antigens .
Intracellular-activated Notch1 can reactivate Kaposi 's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus from latency .
Attempts to reactivate transhydrogenase by reduction of labelled sulfhydryls were not successful .
All groups were undergone to reactivate the herpes virus by UV-B except group F .
Attempts are thus made to reactivate autonomic drive with the intent of improving health .
Fat cells reactivate quiescent neuroblasts via TOR and glial insulin relays in Drosophila .
Agents that reactivate latent HIV-1 through nonspecific T cell activation are toxic .
We conclude that ultraviolet light can reactivate herpes simplex virus under experimentally defined conditions .
Dithiothreitol prevented the ascorbate - Cu effect but did not reactivate the enzyme .
Environmental triggers initiate or reactivate inflammation and modulate genetic susceptibility .
This involves various molecular mechanisms to reactivate developmental signaling pathways and induce cell dedifferentiation .
Vaccine virus can therefore establish latency and can later reactivate as herpes zoster .
AMEDA was found to reactivate O-[14C ] NBD-F1 via a dual-path mechanism .
Drug associated sodium channels inactivate and reactivate at more negative potentials than drug-free channels .
From this reservoir , they can reactivate to cause human morbidity and mortality .
Multiple latent viruses reactivate in astronauts during Space Shuttle missions .
In summary , three herpes viruses can reactivate individually or in combination during spaceflight .
They can reactivate old lesions and increased the risk of complications .
Glutathione did not reactivate CK activity nor did it regenerate protein thiol content .
Neither oxime reactivated soman inhibited brain acetylcholinesterase but HI-6 did reactivate appreciable plasma cholinesterase .
Cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) enters latency following primary infection and can subsequently reactivate .
Both HSV-1 and HSV-2 become latent in sacral nerve root ganglia and intermittently reactivate .
BKV is known to reactivate and cause severe disease in immunosuppressed patients .
Metal-organic frameworks reactivate deceased diatoms to be efficient CO ( 2 ) absorbents .
Here , we mitotically reactivate senescent human fibroblasts to evaluate their cytogenetic damage .
Incubation of nuclear extracts with protein kinase A likewise did not reactivate TgTF1 .
