Information inserts were difficult to read and lacked relevant information .
All will receive exactly the same brief educational material to read .
In two experiments , French participants listen to short stories read in accented speech .
A second read on X-rays .
Optical density was read in an ELISA reader .
The digital slides are easily read on a monitor .
Two radiologists read the scans .
[Why read the articles in this issue of Angiology and Hemostasis ] .
College students ( N = 195 ) read one of six vignettes .
VCE was read real-time at the bedside and later reviewed after download .
Synaptophysin and chromogranin immunostaining , biopsies read anonymised , blinded .
All liver biopsies were read by a single pathologist blinded to the clinical data .
Why you should read Dr. Cramer 's perspective .
" Number needed to read " --how to facilitate clinical trials in MR-angiography .
A B-reader read all postero-anterior chest x-rays .
Documents were read and analyzed for evidence-based alcohol policy content .
The transcribed text was read and coded independently by two researchers .
All transcripts were read and re-read to elicit general themes .
In both experiments , participants read a short vignette depicting a rape case .
The two DAQ boards read exactly the same imaging data for comparison .
HRCT scans were read according to an international classification system .
These can be entered in browser text fields , or read from a file .
Subjects were asked to ignore the stimuli and read during the task .
Ninety-eight percent of them had heard or read about epilepsy .
Examinations were read during clinical practice and classified according to the MRI BI-RADS lexicon .
This transition is modifying the process of how we read and understand text .
Spot densities were read through a densitometer and also graded visually .
SBMLSupportLayout can read , update , add and render model layout information .
The heat-exposed BI units were cultivated and read as recommended by the manufacturers .
Breathe deeply and read carefully .
