We propose coupled cavities to realize a strong enhancement of the Raman scattering .
To realize the study aims , a two-phase study has been designed .
To realize this potential , it will be essential to control stem cell differentiation .
[To realize the clinical significance of noninvasive methods to assess vascular function ] .
Patients with specific , realistic , functional goals will realize the best self-perceived outcomes .
It can realize both the observation and manipulation of a single cell at nanoscale .
Organic layers can be used to realize special functions in optical interference coatings .
We describe the specific photowriting procedure used to realize gratings in such a fiber .
Those who meet MMC may initially realize further modest gains through CIMT .
Do children realize that pretend emotions might be unreal ?
* Most students do not realize they are affected by distraction .
It is something most pharmacists do not even realize they are doing every day .
Clinicians must realize the limitations in evaluating bone metabolism by bone histology .
Liquid microsampling can realize ethical benefits through reduced animal usage .
Interval-valued fuzzy soft sets realize a hybrid soft computing model in a general framework .
These characteristics allow to decode precise brain activities and to realize efficient ECoG-based neuroprostheses .
They might come to realize their own heavy drinking and seek professional treatment .
We need to fully realize this reality and to directly face this problem .
The article covers approaches to realize corporate anti-smoking programs and to evaluate its efficiency .
Evaluators should realize this and , accordingly , attempt to improve its effectiveness .
They realize it has to be so and there is no way out .
These analyses were impossible to realize without our proposed algorithm .
It is not certain whether he actually intended to realize that plan .
However , they are challenging to realize in three dimensions .
It is suppose that these effects of DA realize through system of inhibitory interneurons .
These findings could be very helpful for synthetic chemists to realize the first metallasilabenzene .
More frequent than we realize ?
Furthermore , they are nonredundant transforms and realize quad-tree like multiresolution representations .
HIPAA : enabling healthcare to realize and secure an e-health environment .
