--Older patients and singles were least likely to receive a living-donor kidney .
The control group included 59 newborns who did not receive the drug .
Patients were permitted to receive standard of care for RSV .
Patients with brain metastases did not receive tissue plasminogen activator ( tPA ) .
Low-latitude ocean margins release CO2 because they receive two-thirds of the terrestrial OC .
SLE patients who receive transplants have a lower survival rate than control patients .
* Those patients not rendered stone-free went on to receive a secondary PCNL .
However , many of them cannot receive it due to severe associated comorbidities .
Patients were randomized to receive intravenous saline or bevacizumab at 3-week intervals .
Discussion of these items should receive a prominent place in our travel health consultation .
In some species , including humans , parents receive help with offspring care .
Many homeless women do not receive needed treatment for substance abuse .
Excite and receive solenoid radiofrequency coil for MRI-guided breast interventions .
These patients may have stage III disease and should receive adjuvant therapy .
Four ( 4 ) patients served as controls and did not receive any drops .
Control rats were exposed to the FS boxes but they did not receive shocks .
21 clusters will receive the intervention and 22 clusters will serve as control areas .
Seven patients did not receive SDS and 2 ( 29 % ) survived .
Forty had RIMS , and 39 did not receive reperfusion therapies because of RIMS .
Fifty-three patients received IFRT and 114 did not receive IFRT in the peritransplant period .
Men receive more aggressive intervention and at an earlier stage of disease .
Many more are treated in other settings or receive no treatment at all .
Each stopped cigarette smoking and did not receive corticosteroid therapy after diagnosis .
These patients are hypermetabolic and should receive artificial nutrition as soon as possible .
19 patients did not receive NCTX .
We will randomise physiotherapists to receive either training for the DSP or not .
How people present symptoms to health services may influence the care they subsequently receive .
A majority of families wish to receive hospital AEHI as leaflets .
Patients randomly assigned to receive IKH-01 or placebo for four cycles .
In receive , the signals are separated using a simple filtering operation .
