Here , we reveal that STIM1 and Orai1 expressed together reconstitute functional SOCs .
HEK293 cells were used to reconstitute GJs and hemichannels in vitro .
The adult liver contains hematopoietic stem cells that can reconstitute the bone marrow .
Protocols to reconstitute channels into planar bilayers via fusion methods have now been developed .
Thymosin fails to reconstitute normal estradiol levels into neonatally thymectomized rats .
Photobleached cofactor no longer had the ability to reconstitute active Hmd from the apoenzyme .
A simplified procedure to reconstitute hair-producing skin .
Orai1 and STIM reconstitute store-operated calcium channel function .
An attempt to reconstitute the immune system .
Peripheral blood stem cells can reconstitute bone marrow function after high-dose chemo-/radiotherapy .
However , circulating peripheral blood progenitor cells can also reconstitute hematopoiesis after dose-intensive therapy .
Repopulation by endogenous hepatocytes does not reconstitute liver mass in rats treated with retrorsine .
Such naturally occurring split inteins rapidly self-associate and reconstitute protein-splicing activity in trans .
However , HAART is unable to reconstitute HIV-specific immunity and eradicate the virus .
These particular cells have the ability to self-renew and reconstitute a heterogeneous tumor .
Probiotics can reconstitute the intestinal mucosa and stimulate local and systemic immunity .
Idiotype-binding T cells reconstitute suppression and appear to be Lyt-1-2+ .
Repaired subchondral bone does not reconstitute its native structure and exhibits atypical morphologic features .
HIV-infected immunological nonresponders fail to immune reconstitute despite optimal treatment .
The subunits of arachin I were allowed to reconstitute by removing SDS .
The iodinated RNA was examined for its ability to reconstitute with total 30S proteins .
In contrast , nucleosomes reconstitute on a shorter 20-bp insert .
It is likely that distinct cell lineages in the recipient reconstitute at different rates .
The apoproteins did not reconstitute with the dimethyl or diethyl esters of hemin IX .
These CFU-S are non-leukaemic and can reconstitute haempoiesis in irradiated mice .
