Multiplanar reconstruction was applied to maloriented scans to recover double bull's-eye orientation .
Multiplanar reconstruction can correct malorientated scans and recover precision losses .
It took 7.3 +/- 2.8 months for the patients to recover menstruation .
In order to recover from anemia , the process of erythropoiesis is essential .
The adult human heart lacks sufficient regenerative capacity to recover after a myocardial infarction .
A riderless bicycle can automatically steer itself so as to recover from falls .
Renal function can recover completely in most of the patients .
The majority of women recover from pregnancy-related lumbopelvic pain within 3 months of delivery .
Children with Rasmussen encephalitis did not recover from the significant presurgical deterioration of intelligence .
Third , we investigated the ability to recover Arcobacter spp. from frozen fecal samples .
Hamsters were fed viable cysticerci to recover adult parasites after one month of infection .
An integrated biosorption-pyrolysis technology was employed to recover Pb from aqueous solution .
Regeneration with H2O2 can completely recover the catalytic activity of the deactivated catalyst .
They could recover either their preferred food or the one that remained present .
The compound does not recover its crystallinity on decompression .
At the classical level we recover standard cosmological perturbation theory , with illuminating insights .
We recover known models in some particular cases of our general description .
Membrane dialysis can recover these metallodendritic assemblies due to their nanoscopic size .
Bone loss may never recover completely even once weight is restored .
Even after cyclosporin A was started against HLH , she did not recover .
Patients can recover to work early .
The prognosis is generally excellent and the majority of patients recover without sequelae .
Damaged trees can quickly recover from disturbance and out-compete seedlings .
LVDP also did not recover upon reperfusion and the infarct size was 47 % .
Diplopia improved in four patients , and did not recover in another case .
SKase activity declined 61 % during ischemia and did not recover upon reperfusion .
The potential difference dropped after mucosal injury and did not recover despite morphologic repair .
Gonadectomy in old mice induces thymus regeneration but does not recover mitotic responsiveness .
It then slowly declined and did not recover completely up to 96 hours .
This technique can alleviate pain rapidly and recover the height of vertebral body .
