Numerous policy documents recommend that ACP should be available to all with life-limiting illness .
We recommend to further study nanoparticles in the characterisation of cigarette smoke .
We also recommend that frequent biochemical monitoring should be performed in such patients .
We , therefore , recommend a full pilot study to validate the findings .
We recommend the use of this approach in environmental and biomedical research .
ERC 2005 guidelines recommend the use of technical devices to support rescuers giving compressions .
Ninety-eight percent of patients and injectors would recommend treatment to others .
I highly recommend it to the reader .
With regard to adjuvant therapy , we recommend the addition of chemotherapy .
Funders have been reticent to recommend earlier initiation of treatment .
SFOP dentists were more prone to recommend pit and fissures sealants .
It is strongly suggested to recommend 2-day medication for individuals with high EPGs>=1,000 .
In summary , we recommend on the GGA level the B97-D3 and revPBE-D3 functionals .
However , we recommend against heart transplantation from infected donors .
For future studies we recommend selecting only patients with instable anticoagulant control .
I am pleased to recommend Sadagopan Krishnan for the Bioanalysis Young Investigator award .
Evidence is not available to recommend this treatment in general population .
It seems reasonable therefore , to recommend mammography routinely in this group of patients .
All recommend ACCM training to others and plan to continue to practice ACCM .
Most authorities recommend posterior occipitoaxial fusion , but this compromises cervical rotation .
Post-operative results are satisfactory and we recommend surgery for preventive more than curative reasons .
Some centers recommend resection in infancy , and others prefer observation .
For younger women and for adenomatous hyperplasia grade I , we recommend individual therapy .
We recommend further studies at higher doses and for longer durations .
We recommend using the BUS algorithm and discuss potential improvements to the clustering algorithms .
Today , most healthcare professionals recommend and privilege oral information regarding NSAIDs .
Thirty-four states recommend or require vision screening of preschool children .
His aim was to recommend the best ones and warn against the harmful .
Evaluate and recommend further tests to aid in defining the diagnosis .
A total of 97 % were satisfied and would recommend the surgery .
