An electromagnetic system was used to record kinematics of the trunk and hand .
A mobile computer was used to record all tasks .
A tracheotomy was performed to record respiratory rate .
A sphygmograph was developed to record radial pressure pulse for spectral analysis .
We applied a fiber-optic microarray to record cellular communication from single cells .
The equipment was designed to detect and record simultaneously 12 animals in separate cages .
We did not record any intraoperative or major postoperative complication requiring a reoperation .
Structured retrospective patient record review of hospital admissions .
Legal , ethical , and financial dilemmas in electronic health record adoption and use .
Patients completed a questionnaire to record function and implant revision .
Computerized anesthesia records were used to record hemodynamics and to quantify medication administered intraoperatively .
However , controversies exist concerning the correct way to record MAPs or calculate ARIs .
Electronic health record project initiation and early planning in a community health center .
Patents record certain innovations in the evolution of technology .
Assembly of a multichannel video system to simultaneously record cerebral emboli with cerebral imaging .
Such capacity provides the opportunity to record from synaptically connected neurons cultured on-chip .
We used the whole cell blind patch-clamp technique to record from ventral horn interneurons .
The occurrence of canine parvovirus enteritis was monitored in post mortem record from 1978-1985 .
Thirdly , record and manage the missing data with proper statistical methods .
Smartphones can be used to record and transmit high-quality clinical photographs .
Photographs are important tools to record , track , and communicate clinical findings .
1988 accidents up from 1987 , but set second lowest record this decade .
Existing electromyographic techniques either record activity with voluntary motion or study nerve conduction .
We record event-related potentials and analyze neural synchronization processes .
Counselors were to check and record blood glucose values if the biographer alarmed .
We encourage efforts to record it for other plants and in other communities .
The end of the record as we know it .
Plio-Pleistocene ice volume , Antarctic climate , and the global delta18O record .
A 10 or 21 channel EEG record wcs obtained 1 hour after therapy .
