Therefore , CoMFA and CoMSIA models could align and recognize diverse inhibitor structures .
Failure to recognize false-positive and false-negative stains leads to further errors of quantitative measurement .
Organizations that support and recognize these characteristics may experience improved retention rates .
Practitioners in all medical disciplines recognize the high frequency of incidentally detected findings .
TOX4 and its binding partners recognize DNA adducts generated by platinum anticancer drugs .
Characterization of a family of RanBP2-type zinc fingers that can recognize single-stranded RNA .
Participants often recognize metastatic low-grade neuroendocrine carcinoma in an educational glass-slide program .
Which primates recognize themselves in mirrors ?
Despite a high prevalence of depression , physicians did not recognize it .
Efforts must be made to recognize type 2 diabetes in the asymptomatic prediabetes state .
It is important to recognize atypical presentations of syphilis , especially among HIV-infected individuals .
It is important to recognize cognitive difficulties in children with benign rolandic epilepsy .
SLAP lesions : how to recognize and treat this debilitating shoulder injury .
Failure to recognize and treat the infection may lead to poor outcomes .
Dental providers need to recognize and understand the differences between nociceptive and neuropathic pain .
T cells specifically recognize peptides and exert an antileukemia effect .
They neither recognize risk factors nor report these factors to their physicians .
Toll-like receptors recognize microbial products and initiate an immune response .
Human sperm are fastidious and recognize human but not mouse eggs .
Plants deploy intracellular innate immune receptors to recognize pathogens and initiate disease resistance .
It was Napoleon 's brilliance to recognize this and to give Larrey free rein .
The neurologist and headache specialist should recognize when consultation with an ophthalmologist is necessary .
They should instead recognize that failure is inevitable in today 's complex work organizations .
Immunohistochemical staining detection manifested the antibody could recognize the native hCRT .
MR can recognize and process DNA ends even if they are blocked and misfolded .
Mitochondria can recognize and assemble fragments of a beta-barrel structure .
Glycosylase hOGG1 can recognize and excise oxidized guanines from duplex DNA .
In virus-infected cells , RLRs recognize viral RNA and then induce antiviral responses .
Parents recognize adolescent alcohol drinking as a problem and tend to deal with it .
Thus , it is important for clinicians to recognize it and formulate treatment accordingly .
