It presents successful strategies to reach and recruit the elderly .
RecordAF-AP will recruit more than 3000 patients .
We aim to recruit 300 patients .
The study aims to recruit 360 patients from 10 UK centres .
Therefore , approaches to recruit more physicians for general practice are being sought .
Purposeful sampling was used to recruit the nine participants through the snowball technique .
These findings suggest that schools of social work should recruit more professors with disabilities .
Neurons recruit numerous mechanisms to facilitate the development of synaptic connections .
Both modules recruit the formin Cdc12 to nucleate actin filaments .
We hypothesized that larger wounds recruit more cells from the bone marrow .
Chemokines are chemotactic cytokines which recruit leukocytes to inflammatory sites .
NS5A may recruit PI4KIIIalpha to the HCV RNA replication complex .
Health care organizations should launch targeted efforts to recruit and utilize retired RN volunteers .
Workplaces vary in their ability to recruit and retain workers .
The methods used to recruit and interview the participants minimized self-selection bias .
Apparently mechanisms other than recurrent chemical synapses can synchronize and recruit epileptiform events .
This suggests the IA subjects fail to recruit this pathway and inhibit unwanted actions .
Efforts to counteract these effects will be critical to maintain and recruit teaching faculty .
SIV Nef proteins recruit the AP-2 complex to antagonize Tetherin and facilitate virion release .
Glioma cells recruit GAMs and MDSCs to the tumour site and block their maturation .
Activated platelets recruit T cells and initiate a feedback loop .
PINK1 is required to recruit Parkin to mitochondria and initiate mitophagy upon mitochondrial depolarization .
Both pathogens fragment the host Golgi apparatus and recruit Golgi elements to retrieve sphingolipids .
There are three dental schools and recruit about 300 new students per year .
STK might thus recruit or regulate histone modifying factors to control their activity .
Chemokines recruit and activate leukocytes during inflammation .
Strategies to recruit and retain quality staff .
The potential to recruit from this pool of donors was reviewed .
[ NEDD1 and microtubule nucleation complexes : To recruit for better organizing ] .
Black families were more difficult to recruit than whites .
