L-ascorbic acid producing yeasts learn from plants how to recycle it .
In order to recycle bottom ash , treatment is therefore required .
Estimation of future outflows and infrastructure needed to recycle personal computer systems in California .
These observations prompted the idea that Golgi enzymes constitutively recycle through the ER .
During iron uptake the transferrin and its receptor recycle at least each 19 min .
Pacemaker recycle from repolarization artifact .
Klebsiella uses reverse transsulfurylation to recycle methionine to cysteine during periods of sulfate starvation .
Stationary phase lipophagy as a cellular mechanism to recycle sterols during quiescence .
A facile strategy to recycle template P123 from mesoporous aluminosilicates by ultrasonic extraction .
Pleiomorphic carriers containing SV proteins travel and recycle along the axon in developing neurons .
N-formyl peptide receptors internalize but do not recycle in the absence of arrestins .
Coalitions develop in and recycle through stages .
Hippocampal neurons recycle BDNF for activity-dependent secretion and LTP maintenance .
Here we provide evidence that hippocampal neurons additionally recycle BDNF for activity-dependent secretion .
Semi-automated peak trapping recycle chromatography instrument for peak purity investigations .
Autophagy is a conserved cellular process to degrade and recycle cytoplasmic components .
Autophagy is a catabolic process employed by eukaryotes to degrade and recycle intracellular components .
Autophagy is a cytoprotective pathway used to degrade and recycle cytoplasmic content .
Such variation occurs because houses can recycle air very quickly in Bangladesh .
The other bands recycle 10-20 times before being degraded .
To maintain communication , neurons must recycle their synaptic vesicles with high efficiency .
Should we recycle more than our plastic ?
Does the D-galactose receptor on Kupffer cells recycle ?
Limitations due to cofactors have been overcome by co-encapsulating enzymes which recycle needed cofactors .
Reduce , reuse , and recycle : developmental evolution of trait diversification .
Currently , techniques are being developed to recycle and treat source-separated urine .
Researchers are trying to reclaim , recycle and replenish it .
