Policies are needed to functionally redistribute primary care and specialist physicians .
A series of measures has been taken to redistribute the internal population .
Cushions are usually prescribed to redistribute the stresses .
Do heterotrimeric G proteins redistribute upon G protein-coupled receptor stimulation in platelets ?
Public systems also redistribute , deliberately , from low to high risk individuals .
Human circulating mononuclear cells redistribute out of the intravascular compartment following treatment with corticosteroids .
A medial column procedure may be useful to redistribute load to the medial column .
The technique is designed to redistribute tension along the muscle borders progressively and precisely .
These integrate and redistribute the GLP-1 - dependent signals toward numerous targeted tissues .
Radiolabeled poly-L-lysine was shown to dissociate from coated coverslips and redistribute onto CL .
Notably , ERalpha seemed to redistribute to extranuclear sites in TAM - R cells .
The selenium recycle by food chain and selenium will accumulate and redistribute in environments .
[Ability to redistribute surface receptors in transplantable cell lines ] .
This would redistribute resources from London to deprived areas in northern England .
Compared with 201Tl , 99mTc sestamibi does not significantly redistribute .
Static and dynamic realignment was performed to redistribute joint contact pressures and restore stability .
Circulatory adjustments during hypoxia act to redistribute blood flow and maintain arterial pressure .
The dilemma for clinicians is whether to close , open or redistribute space .
HDL-associated paraoxonase-1 can redistribute to cell membranes and influence sensitivity to oxidative stress .
Exercise bouts redistribute leukocytes between the circulation and the lung , spleen and muscle .
Constitutively shuttling proteins often redistribute their interaction partners between the two compartments .
Instead , changes in population supplies redistribute these gains between a couple .
Linoleyl tosylate does not redistribute cholesterol to extrahepatic tissues nor inhibit hepatic cholesterol biosynthesis .
However , countries must redistribute meager resources equitably and engage in environmental protection .
Selective vasodilators redistribute intestinal blood flow and depress oxygen uptake .
