They increased insulin - stimulated glucose uptake to reduce insulin resistance .
Clodronate is a first-generation bisphosphonate that has the ability to reduce ectopic calcifications .
Improving graduation rates is one of the most cost-effective ways to reduce health disparities .
Proton pump inhibitors ( PPIs ) may reduce upper GI bleeding .
Improvements in the biocompatibility of stent designs could reduce stent-associated thrombosis and in-stent restenosis .
Increasing health expenditure directed towards universal HAART access may reduce mortality from both diseases .
Multifactorial injury prevention interventions have been shown to reduce injuries in the home .
Molecular techniques should be used to reduce delays in initiating appropriate treatment .
The aim of research was to reduce waiting time at ED .
A preoperative smoking cessation intervention increases postoperative quit rates and may reduce postoperative morbidity .
Colonic irrigation has been successful to reduce symptoms and improve quality of life .
Lycopene decreases bone resorption markers and may reduce the risk of osteoporosis .
Some anti-reflux stents might reduce gastro-oesophageal reflux compared to conventional metal stents .
Whether probiotics reduce risk for airway inflammation in long term is not known .
Hemostatic dressings reduce tourniquet time while maintaining hemorrhage control .
It should reduce operating times and improve results .
This could reduce side effects and improve patient safety .
SGLT2 inhibitors reduce glucose reabsorption and increase urinary glucose excretion .
In the future , collagen cross-linking may reduce corneal steepening and improve refractive error .
Both verapamil and nifedipine reduce blood pressure acutely and on chronic administration .
Both PCTs significantly reduce thrombus formation rate but by different biochemical mechanisms .
This may lighten the workload and reduce costs in a busy pathology laboratory .
Treatments aim to reduce weight and as a consequence cardiovascular risks and other comorbidities .
These organisms are aerobic but reduce nitrate to nitrite under anaerobic conditions .
The paper highlights options to reduce or deflect demand or to increase effective capacity .
It was found to reduce and detoxify redox-active metals like Cr and Hg .
Attempts to reduce or restrict supply in one area may increase demand in others .
Having such systems in place may reduce or prevent the severity of medical emergencies .
CT findings reduce but cannot eliminate the possibility that a nodule is malignant .
Factors that reduce or block let-7 miRNAs induce the coordinated expression of CSN subunits .
