Surprisingly , only one year into ART provision , healthcare workers did not reference the professional challenges of their HIV work before ART became available , suggesting that medical breakthroughs such as ART rapidly come to be seen as a standard element of nursing .
Hospitals increasingly reference published evidence for any given procedure or guideline as part of the push toward evidence-based nursing .
We review these recent studies , and when effects were observed , we reference the time course of observed effects ( immediate or delayed ) .
It is especially important that researchers explain why the treatment difference sought is worthwhile to patients , and they should reference consultations with the public and patient groups and existing literature .
We reference internet-based government resources and offer direct links to applicable websites in an attempt to offer rapid and current sources of practical information .
Three studies present longitudinal data that the authors reference when recommending periodicity of follow-up .
A number of measurements of patellar height are in clinical use all of which reference from the tibia .
Historically , however , this growing population of breast cancer patients has been underrepresented in clinical trials , resulting in a paucity of data that clinicians can reference in making treatment decisions for their older patients .
The results of this definition will be published at the first opportunity ( sometime during the first half of 1999 ) and then placed into public domain , so that any solution provider can reference this source to create secure and mutually interoperable application programs for health care professionals in Germany .
The current paper describes standardisation efforts by the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine Working Group on Standardization of cTnI ( IFCC WG-TNI ) to establish a reference immunoassay measurement procedure for cTnI of a higher order than current commercial immunoassay methods and a commutable secondary reference material for cTnI to which companies can reference their calibration materials .
If the medical staff wants to have the associated details of all elements in the bylaws they can , but they can also reference them in rules and regulations or policies and procedures .
Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) reference dose for chlorpyrifos , but exceed those for diazinon .
In the discussions included here , we reference relevant clinical and basic science literature underlying research into disease etiology and pathogenesis , and we highlight current reviews on the various topics addressed .
With this exclusion gel column ( TSK-G3000SW ) as a background upon which to reference different receptor forms , eight distinct partitions or elution positions have been enumerated .
It should provide an accurate structural framework against which to reference the many other kinds of neuroanatomical information that are acquired by modern imaging , mapping , and histological labeling techniques .
A set of 32 post-mortem serum and plasma samples from cornea donors and 40 control samples from blood donors , serologically and NAT negative for all investigated parameters , were spiked with defined concentrations of WHO reference material and tested for HIV-1 , HCV , HBV , and HAV by NAT using DRK Baden-Wurttemberg-Hesse CE PCR kits .
Both types of skills rely on learners having a visual exemplar or standard of performance with which to reference their skill performance and evaluate anatomic structures .
