These guidelines reflect the views of the task force .
Consequently , the spectrum could reflect the energy structure of atoms more explicitly .
Food-choice coping strategies affecting dietary quality reflect parents ' work and family conditions .
Other parts represent somatotopic processing and therefore reflect discriminative perceptive analysis .
The P2 effect was suggested to reflect some generic learning effects .
Symbiovars in rhizobia reflect bacterial adaptation to legumes .
Findings reflect heightened efforts in the criminal justice system to combat CP crimes .
Blood BDNF concentrations reflect brain-tissue BDNF levels across species .
In the supine position , pressure obtained via the bladder could reflect authentic IAP .
Both indices reflect postural stability decline and fall tendency # in parkinsonians .
We conclude that inter-area correlations reflect feature integration and are disrupted by crowding .
PNALT does not reflect the degree of fibrotic changes or predict SVR .
Most of these studies are small and reflect initial experiences with the procedure .
Their etiologies are multifactorial and reflect genetic influences and dysfunction of brain systems .
These effects are robust and do not reflect a non-representative local effect .
These performance attributes seem to reflect a decrease in attention or motivation during ovulation .
Infant iron status continued to reflect prenatal conditions through 6 mo of age .
Changes in RBC rigidity appeared to reflect weight loss and decrease in LDL cholesterol .
This may reflect changing opinions/interpretations of HAs / IRBs / ECs .
Lung and ultrasound : time to " reflect " .
These findings may reflect that PTZ - induced epilepsy decreases AG of plasma .
These suggestions reflect the absence of global knowledge , and in consequence mask reality .
These patterns reflect selection decisions by experts and are used for screening the records .
These data reflect a depressed CO2 response both in D and DANp .
Web-enabled video-feedback : a method to reflect on the communication skills of experienced physicians .
At least , 40.6 % were led to reflect on their own mortality .
The applicants ' ability to reflect on their competences was important .
[Good to reflect over physician 's life ] .
In a second step , we reflect on circumstances requiring further ethical consideration .
We reflect on potential solutions for addressing the matters found .
