Consent and assessment of capacity to decide or refuse treatment .
Younger patients were more likely to refuse observers .
Patient 's autonomy includes the right to refuse life-saving therapy in modern constitutional states .
There is a need to explore why protocol-eligible subjects refuse participation in clinical trials .
Frequently patients refuse further medical evaluation or intervention , including transport .
Patients treated by peritoneal dialysis refuse kidney transplantation less often than hemodialysis patients .
Majority of NHS trusts refuse to pay extra for royal wedding shift .
An offer you can n't refuse ?
The police frequently report that doctors refuse to assess fitness for custody .
May doctors refuse infertility treatments to gay patients ?
Patients may refuse treatment despite predictably dire consequences of refusal , including death .
Right to refuse treatment issues still far from settled .
Hungarian law assures the right to refuse life-saving treatment as well .
Anorexic patients are prone to refuse treatment despite life-threatening complications .
Sex workers are empowered when they are able to refuse sex without a condom .
The right not to be treated or to refuse treatment .
The law on managing patients who deliberately harm themselves and refuse treatment .
The fourth is patients who cannot afford or who refuse BTX injections .
Some of these patients will refuse surgery or will have co-morbidities that preclude surgery .
About one-third of participants expressed reservations or said they would definitely refuse substitution .
Patients generally refuse referral to psychiatry , and dermatologists cannot always provide psychotherapeutic support .
Unacceptable for nurses to refuse to care for AIDS patients .
Debate : it is appropriate for a nurse to refuse an assignment--pro .
Debate : it is appropriate for a nurse to refuse an assignment--con .
Many doctors refuse legally to certify , and access to abortion is limited .
A sizeable proportion of patients refuse or are unfit for surgery .
We suggest this protocol for patients who refuse or are unsuitable for surgery .
American doctors eagerly practice evidence-based medicine but refuse to learn from failed social engineering .
Patients were free to refuse or terminate a treatment early for any reason .
An offer we can and should refuse .
