Metal ions helped to regain activity of EDTA pretreated enzyme .
Provider practices may need to change to regain community confidence in quality improvement processes .
Pain and disability are motivating factors in finding ways to regain their health .
To estimate , from the literature , when nonlactating postpartum women regain fertility .
It can help patients regain integrity of anatomical structure and functions of pelvic floor .
However , the defeated male does not regain aggressiveness if repeated fighting occurs .
Neither inorganic ions nor calcium chelators cause regain of ideal colligative behavior .
Castrates treated with testosterone regain motivation and sex behaviors over time .
Three patients with otitic facial palsy failed to regain full facial function despite surgery .
Weight regain after weight loss is common .
However , noncompliance and rebound weight regain after noncompliance are considerable problems .
Addressing the big challenge of obesity : how to prevent regain of lost weight .
Patients regain excellent function following surgery and adjuvant therapy .
Only those animals who regain weight to pre-surgery levels are used for experiments .
One patient did not regain normal urinary voidings until the fourth week after surgery .
Is it possible to regain epithelial attachment and rebuild the bone architecture ?
Physical therapy promotes strengthening of local musculature and regain range of motion .
Physical activity was seen as a way to regain control and reduce distress .
The hematoma was drained , but the patient did not regain vision .
She did not regain consciousness and died 12 days after the incident .
However , the patient did not regain renal function and remained on hemodialysis .
Surgery is able to relieve pain and to regain or to preserve mobility .
This cycle of weight loss and regain may affect their resting metabolism .
Levelling of SPECT uptake may indicate a new balance between bone loss and regain .
Unexpected weight regain following successful jaw wiring .
The effects of repeated cycles of weight loss and regain in rats .
By passage in intestinal loops , strains of A. hydrophila could regain lost enterotoxicity .
After operation , the infants regain conscious quickly and no accident occurred .
Upon removal of cytochalasin , epithelia regain normal shape and resume morphogenesis .
