To regenerate this matrix , fibroblasts need to be stimulated into synthesizing new collagen .
The zebrafish has the potential to regenerate many of its tissues .
However , this discrete bone-forming stimulation was unable to regenerate the bone defect .
Many multicellular organisms have remarkable capability to regenerate new organs after wounding .
Unlike mammals , fish are able to regenerate axons in their central nervous system .
Articular cartilage of the mandibular condyle has limited ability to regenerate itself after injury .
NRG1 - deficient axons were also found to regenerate at a slower rate .
Oligodendrocyte-derived myelin retards the ability of CNS axons to regenerate following transection .
The zebrafish heart has the capacity to regenerate after ventricular resection .
It is well known that CNS fibers poorly regenerate after traumatic injuries .
Normal kidneys regenerate after acute injury with little development of chronic fibrosis .
In contrast , adult ctenophores regenerate readily .
Nonmammalian vertebrates such as birds can regenerate hair cells after injury .
The holothuroid echinoderm Holothuria glaberrima can regenerate its intestine after a process of evisceration .
Adult zebra fish completely regenerate their caudal ( tail ) fin following partial amputation .
Current treatments do not predictably regenerate damaged PDL .
Can bone marrow-derived multipotent adult progenitor cells regenerate infarcted myocardium ?
Newts can regenerate their organs even as adults .
The use of electrolysis enables to regenerate chitosan and to reuse it .
Diafiltration technique was further performed to regenerate complexation agents and recover nickel .
Tissue engineering is an attractive approach to make artificial tissue or regenerate lost tissues .
Tooth movement into distraction regenerate : when should we start ?
If a neuron is damaged by injury or disease , it may regenerate .
Articular cartilage defects do not regenerate .
Clinically , it is difficult to regenerate or reconstruct adipose tissue .
Thus the small infarcts were found to be able to regenerate and revascularize .
[To repair or to regenerate , it is necessary to choose ... ] .
These species regenerate sexually in the same habitat but differ in seed mass .
After peripheral nerve injury , axons regenerate and become remyelinated by resident Schwann cells .
In addition , the proposed scheme can also regenerate and reshape distorted pulses all-optically .
