[Now we do n't want to register anymore ] .
All patients were followed up for 6 months to register adverse post-AMI cardiovascular events .
There is evidence that girls are more likely to register complaints than boys .
However , the challenge remains to register these maps to the underlying structure .
Patients were followed to register cardiac events after enrolment ( follow-up 543 days ) .
A dual parameter multichannel analyzer was used to register coincidences in the second device .
[A trainee register book and post-graduate education in Portugal in the 80 's ] .
B cells did not register any change in the three stages .
Development of an interregional cytogenetics register system .
HIMA : register independent service organizations and inspect only for cause .
All serve to register one 's idea and educate others .
Doctors are urged to inform their patients , and systematically register adverse drug reactions .
The participants in this network routinely register data in their daily practice .
Use of trial register information during the peer review process .
Only 1 in 22 of such studies register their primary outcomes before study completion .
Follow-up images are also able to register on this CT .
[An acute myocardial infarction register in Yerevan ] .
Pregnant women in this environment should be encouraged to register early for antenatal care .
Patterns of use of a mental handicap register in its first 5 years .
The validity of a cancer register in leukaemia epidemiology .
The risk register for infant deafness as implemented in Manitoba .
No need to subscribe , register , or log in .
Corresponding background feature points are then used to register and align the frames .
An in-house dose comparison software package was used to register and compare all verifications .
Physicians register number of influenza-like illnesses ( ILI ) and collect swabs .
Villagers register migrant children in schools and offer business help to the newcomers .
Better quality data for Down 's syndrome register .
National Institutes of Health trials register and WHO ICTRP on 29 November 2012 .
Those who did not register at ARTCs were traced and interviewed in the community .
