Dox could effectively regulate bFGF expression , thus controlling MSC differentiation .
Dox may also effectively regulate angiogenesis and bone regeneration in vivo .
Cell shape and substrate rigidity both regulate cell stiffness .
In the current study , BJBDT was demonstrated to regulate hematopoiesis .
TRIM-9 functions in the UNC-6 / UNC-40 pathway to regulate ventral guidance .
Specific insulin-like peptides encode sensory information to regulate distinct developmental processes .
Extracellular nucleosides and nucleotides regulate liver functions via a complex system of membrane proteins .
Calcineurin may regulate multiple endocytic processes in C. elegans .
MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNAs that negatively regulate target mRNAs at the posttranscription level .
Tropomodulins ( Tmods ) regulate polymerization at actin filament pointed ends .
LIN-28 co-transcriptionally binds primary let-7 to regulate miRNA maturation in Caenorhabditis elegans .
RhoGTPase appears to regulate both cell adhesions and protrusive forces during NCC delamination .
Post-translational modifications of TF may regulate signaling but this remains elusive .
Arginine methylation can regulate protein import and export and can modulate protein interactions .
Local sFlt-1 may regulate angiogenic potential and thereby influence adipose tissue mass .
Retinoic acids ( RAs ) have diverse biologic effects and regulate several cellular functions .
The HIFs are nonredundant and regulate both overlapping and unique downstream target genes .
Protein conformational switches are ubiquitous in nature and often regulate key biological processes .
Physiologic mechanisms regulate hemodynamics during exercise and in heart failure .
They regulate sense genes at multiple levels and are implicated in various diseases .
In endothelial cells , these forces regulate junction dynamics and determine endothelial barrier strength .
These data also provide a mechanism by which symbiont MAMPs regulate host development .
The mechanisms by which hormonal signals regulate FOXO deacetylation remain unclear , however .
However , the mechanisms by which retinoids regulate this process are poorly understood .
To what extent do postmitotic neurons regulate gene expression during development or after injury ?
Prohibitins function as endogenous ligands for Siglec-9 and negatively regulate TCR signaling upon ligation .
MTAL cells swell in hyposmotic medium and regulate volume back toward the starting volume .
We conclude that SHR vasculature must regulate the channel postranscriptionally .
Identification of additional genes that regulate LSC self-renewal may provide new targets for therapy .
Sex steroid hormones regulate various neural functions that control vertebrate sociosexual behavior .
