Our findings reinforce the need for a decentralised system capable of providing timely prophylaxis .
Our data reinforce the role of ET-1 and associated signaling pathways in leiomyoma pathology .
Drugs that reinforce any of these effects may boost the cytotoxicity of 5FU .
The meditation program consisted of 15 computer sessions that used biofeedback to reinforce training .
It has the potential to promote and reinforce collaborative relationships between clinicians and patients .
Thereby , it aims to improve skin care and to reinforce the best practices .
They are used to bridge a defect or reinforce the abdominal wall .
Nurses work with patients to reinforce hospital teaching and determine the causes of exacerbation .
High stress jobs favour repeated smoking and further reinforce addictive behaviours .
Augmentation with a surgical mesh may permanently reinforce the repair and decrease failure rates .
Local government should reinforce controls of the ceramic industry and implement effective countermeasures .
However , reward does not equally reinforce everybody but depends on interindividual motivational dispositions .
These results reinforce the potential of Sm-p80 as a viable vaccine candidate .
These findings reinforce the importance of oncological follow-up after surgery of basal cell carcinoma .
Our findings reinforce the role of smoking in lung carcinogenesis through oxidative stress .
The use of mesh to reinforce crural closure during hiatal hernia repair is controversial .
A film can be used to reinforce medical education in the affective domain .
The use of intra-SMAS absorbable barbed sutures to reinforce a high-vector pull during rhytidectomy .
The results also reinforce concerns as to the appropriateness of present occupational exposure standards .
Finally , these results reinforce that NPY increases food intake independent of diet .
Construction of Bland-Altman plots reinforce that measurements have good repeatability .
Thus , 15 additional compounds were synthesized to reinforce and confirm the correlation .
Its major impact lies in its ability to help reinforce or lessen diagnostic probabilities .
Recommendations were made to reinforce and strengthen this dynamic .
These cues may reinforce or interfere with each other depending on their relative orientation .
Health personnel should rather reinforce and support existing services .
The two methods reinforce and verify the results observed with chromosome aberration analysis .
