In an ex-vivo model , intraluminal nifedipine has been shown to relax the ureter .
To relax this assumption , here we add a second locus influencing the trait .
Conversely , methods to relax the muscles more modestly increased length and decreased stiffness .
How does progesterone relax the uterus in pregnancy ?
Terbutaline did not relax callus .
This however , does not imply that we can relax now .
It allows patients to breathe normally and relax comfortably during treatment .
Photocarriers of ZnOxNy films relax on two different time scales .
Women receiving CBSM reported greater increases in ability to relax than controls across time .
These contracted bonds relax to distances near that of bulk Pt upon hydrogen chemisorption .
The HS-LS photoexcited pairs relax with time back to the ground LS-LS configuration .
Blood vessels denuded of endothelium did not relax in response to acetylcholine or A23187 .
Sympathomimetic bronchodilators relax bronchial smooth muscle via stimulation of the enzyme adenylcyclase .
These results indicate that levobunolol may relax rabbit ciliary artery by two different mechanisms .
U.S. will relax disability rules in H.I.V. cases .
Nitrovasodilators relax vascular smooth muscle by stimulating soluble guanylate cyclase ( GC ) .
Vardenafil was reported to relax rat pulmonary artery through endothelium-dependent mechanisms .
With the knee joint stiffness , relax it by manipulate or operation .
The aim of MMIT was to relax the muscle and not paralyze it .
Flavonoids are known to relax precontracted intestinal smooth muscle and to delay intestinal transit .
Insulin failed to relax the bladder or to increase cGMP in the obese group .
Sit down , relax and unwind : structural insights into RecQ helicase mechanisms .
We relax this assumption and develop a semi-parametric mixed model for bioequivalence data .
Why does halothane relax cardiac muscle but contract malignant hyperthermic skeletal muscle ?
Heterochromatin and the DNA damage response : the need to relax .
These results suggest that vascular smooth muscle can relax even if MLC20 is phosphorylated .
Opposite effects in flexion allow the cyst to relax .
UPF1 learns to relax and unwind .
Lanthanide discs chill well and relax slowly .
The subject was instructed to relax and not to generate voluntary force .
