Their general role is to cleave integral membrane proteins to release signalling molecules .
Water attack umpolung aromatic systems to release hydrogen .
We demonstrated that MPs activate RASFs to release pro-angiogenic ELR+ chemokines .
Low-latitude ocean margins release CO2 because they receive two-thirds of the terrestrial OC .
Dexamethasone can induce HUVECs to release EMPs in vitro .
All flower parts as well as nectar release volatiles .
In the oviduct , cumulus cells that surround the oocyte release progesterone .
Ligands that store and release electrons during catalysis .
We demonstrate that human cardiac EC express and release NRG in response to hypoxia-reoxygenation .
Sensory neurons release calcitonin gene-related peptide ( CGRP ) upon activation .
The mechanism of substrate release by the aspartate transporter GltPh : insights from simulations .
360degrees release and in situ bending correction for sagittal imbalance of the spine .
Characteristics of CO2 release from forest soil in the mountains near Beijing .
Quantification of partial or complete A4 pulley release with FDP repair in cadaveric tendons .
Histamine and TNF-alpha release by rat peritoneal mast cells stimulated with Trichomonas vaginalis .
Heart and lung ECs were able to produce and release decorin .
The obtained LMCS can be used to encapsulate drugs and release them .
Salmonella Typhi sense host neuroendocrine stress hormones and release the toxin haemolysin E .
Some of those cells are projection neurons , but others may release GABA locally .
Platelet-rich concentrates differentially release growth factors and induce cell migration in vitro .
Organic nitrates release NO , and therefore may favorably affect EPC biology .
Molecular mechanisms of purine and pyrimidine nucleotide release .
How much do resin-based dental materials release ? A meta-analytical approach .
Complications of endoscopic and open carpal tunnel release .
Activated sachets immediately react to generate and release predictable levels of CO2 over time .
Astrocytes produce and release L-lactate as a potential source of energy for neurons .
These species are unstable and release isobutene under formation of zirconocene hydrides .
They release insulin after a meal during hyperglycemia and suppress glucagon .
Neuroendocrine cells release hormones to circulation or in a paracrine manner .
In addition , Tr1 cells release granzyme B and perforin and kill myeloid cells .
