Clinicians rely on many tools , including guidelines , to make these treatment decisions .
Clinicians should instead rely on clinical impression and laboratory diagnosis by rRT - PCR .
Therefore , vaccine safety monitoring should rely on different types of data sources .
These ants are known to rely on both visual landmark learning and path integration .
Team members tend to rely on expected role behaviours to bridge lack of familiarity .
Behavioral exposure therapy of anxiety disorders is believed to rely on fear extinction .
Clinical examination is limited and we often rely on imaging .
Urban populations still rely on ecosystems , but prioritize non-ecosystem services ( socioeconomic ) .
Breast cancer stem cells rely on fermentative glycolysis and are sensitive to 2-deoxyglucose treatment .
Morphofunctional changes in hypothalamic neurons are highly energy dependent and rely on mitochondrial metabolism .
The judge has no recourse but to rely on Expert Evidence .
Users are educated and self-empowered and rely on information sources beyond mainstream medical practitioners .
Currently available fetal intervention techniques rely on invasive procedures that carry inherent risks .
Metazoans rely on aerobic energy production , which requires an adequate oxygen supply .
State-of-the-art approaches rely on classical sequence models that are adapted to the studied dataset .
They rely on emotional and physical support from informal carers , typically family members .
What resources can medical examiners rely on to better manage the news media ?
A previous finding that clinicians rely largely on the dangerousness criteria was replicated .
These outcomes emphasize the relative safety which patients using cimetidine in self-medication rely on .
1,3-Butadiene is an important constituent of many products that we rely upon .
Recent genetic data suggest two physiopathological hypotheses , which both rely on NF-Kb dysfunction .
Protecting critical infrastructures on which vulnerable populations and the general public rely ; 6 .
It is a service on which many children , and parents , still rely .
[When hardship strikes welfare recipients. On who can they rely ? ] .
The spatial colinearity is considered to rely both on local and long-range cis regulation .
