Cancer cells utilize complex mechanisms to remodel their bioenergetic properties .
Both systems utilise chromatin-modifying enzymes to remodel large domains of a chromosome .
Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) degregade and remodel the extracellular matrix .
Natural osmolytes remodel the aggregation pathway of mutant huntingtin exon 1 .
MicroRNAs dynamically remodel gastrointestinal smooth muscle cells .
Thus , interventions that favorably remodel fibrotic healing may benefit stem cell therapies .
Membrane-bound receptors induce biochemical signals to remodel the actin cytoskeleton and mediate cell motility .
Centriolar kinesin Kif24 interacts with CP110 to remodel microtubules and regulate ciliogenesis .
Neurospora WC-1 recruits SWI / SNF to remodel frequency and initiate a circadian cycle .
Placental trophoblasts ( TBs ) invade and remodel uterine vessels with an arterial bias .
Those mechanisms allow the ligament to adapt and remodel itself to different stimuli .
Bone has the unique ability to regenerate and continuously remodel itself throughout life .
Herpesviruses remodel host membranes for virus egress .
In the absence of ClpP , ClpA can remodel protein complexes .
Neurons remodel their connectivity in response to various insults , including microtubule disruption .
Both of these conformers were found to remodel into non-toxic aggregates .
The facial skeleton appears to remodel throughout adulthood .
Five swine underwent posterolateral MI and were allowed to remodel for 12 weeks .
Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMPs ) remodel tumor microenvironment and promote cancer metastasis .
Microvascular endothelial cells remodel cultured adult cardiomyocytes and increase their survival .
Glucocorticoids dose-dependently remodel energy stores and amplify incentive relativity effects .
During physiological growth , myocytes adaptively remodel to mechanical loads .
Tissues also remodel in both development and disease , changing their mechanical properties .
Simultaneously , the cushions remodel into valve leaflets and chordae .
The data suggest that virtually all foci persist rather than regress or remodel .
Build or remodel ?
Failing heart ; remodel , replace or repair ?
Barrier proteins remodel and modify chromatin to restrict silenced domains .
These fractures are prone to nonunion , and initial deformities do not remodel well .
