These complications render serial acquisition of blood samples problematic .
Endpoint selection and unreported analgesic use may render oncologic studies inconclusive .
Concurrent extinction does not render appetitive conditioning context specific .
Do moral judgments hinge on the time available to render them ?
Several approaches have been introduced to render the SABG assay quantitative .
Early diagnosis can enable the physician to render simpler nondestructive modalities of treatment .
Its compelling functions render PI a promising novel physiological immune suppressant .
p-Phosphonic acid calix[4 ] arenes render high stability to exfoliated graphenes in water .
Adjustments of the OTF render possible identification of the peak velocities and their localization .
These factors render drug development in young people challenging .
These evidences render BAFF as a potentially new therapeutic target .
This will render veterinary medicine by mail order possible .
Additional studies must clarify the features that render them to metabolic dysregulation .
The intent was to render all eyes as close to emmetropia as possible .
As both chemotherapy and radiation therapy render no effect on this malignancy .
The capsular complexes pack in columns and render the fullerene units completely isolated .
Violations of this assumption can obscure existing asymmetries and render spurious results .
Modifications were made to render the test more dance-specific and to increase balance challenges .
Improvements to the technology will undoubtedly render it more effective and increase its use .
Several statistical analyses of the dataset have been performed and all render similar conclusions .
Careful surgical preparation will render surgical procedures more predictable and reduce post-operative discomfort .
Therapeutic hypothermia delays the recovery of motor responses and may render clinical evaluation unreliable .
This model may bridge two disciplines and render them mutually useful .
This line broadening can hinder resonance assignment or even render it impossible .
These two observations are preliminary but they render certain hypotheses possible .
Noncompliance may render migraine prophylaxis useless , but once-daily regimens are better .
Endoscopic procedures render opening of the uterus unnecessary and are of particular importance .
Charged residues render pro - OmpA potential dependent for initiation of membrane translocation .
In contrast , KHF alone did not render spleen cells cytotoxic .
In conclusion , APC - loading could render stents significantly less thrombotic .
