The eZLS demonstrated the ability to replicate reduced gravity environments .
A Windows-based software program using NWHC to replicate a dual-beam timing gate was created .
Further studies are required to replicate these findings .
It is possible to isolate mutants that grow and replicate outside prey bacteria .
Such mice can be used to study human pathogens that replicate in leukocytes .
Experiments to test quenching efficiency were performed in replicate using Escherichia coli lysate .
Both minicircles and maxicircles replicate from specific replication origins by unidirectional theta-type intermediates .
Unlike dormant spores of P. dendritiformis , the cocci replicate .
These viruses replicate selectively in cells with activation of the Wnt pathway .
However , two follow-up studies could not replicate this association .
I replicate the test with data from England and Wales .
We did not replicate the previously identified association with rs12861247 .
The aim of the study was to replicate the previous findings in this area .
To replicate this association in an independent population with a different genetic background .
The 8-mg DST seems to replicate by large the results of the 1-mg DST .
Further research is needed to replicate and expand upon these findings .
Our aim was to replicate and extend these promising findings .
Future MCMI-III studies with the Amish are needed to replicate and generalize our findings .
We discuss the various possibilities to enrich and to replicate this program .
Further studies are necessary to replicate our results and understand the mechanism .
Sample preparation composite and replicate strategy for assay of solid oral drug products .
Oncolytic adenoviruses replicate selectively within and lyse malignant cells .
Oncolytic adenoviruses preferentially replicate in and lyse tumor cells .
C2C12 cells replicate as myoblasts but can be differentiated into myotubes .
In contrast , ADV-G replicates in CrFK cells but does not replicate in mink .
The mutant survived intracellularly but did not replicate in the phagolysosome .
The present results indicate that influenza virus may persist and replicate in placental cells .
These associations replicate or resemble findings reported in other African and European populations .
These findings replicate and extend findings from previous studies .
Three studies reported in this article replicate and extend past CSSES research .
