Under select conditions , subventricular zone progenitors may be mobilized to replace lost neurons .
HPV self-sampling has the potential to replace physician/nurse sampling .
Dermal substitutes are intended to replace damaged dermal tissue in severe burn injuries .
If this approach fails , replace quetiapine by low-dose clozapine .
Propranolol is likely to replace steroid as the first-line treatment for problematic proliferating haemangioma .
There is a strong demand to replace natural heparin with a synthetic counterpart .
In the future , after further improvements it may replace invasive X-ray imaging .
Terbutaline study doses can replace routine salbutamol during these studies when patients are studied .
Milk DR : R may replace serum measurements during lactation .
[82 Rubidium PET to replace myocardial scintigraphy ] .
Thus , it can replace the conventional electrical heat digestion method .
G ' ST and D do not replace FST .
NGO regulatory impact can complement but should not replace state action .
Activated charcoal adsorbs colchicine but does not replace gastric lavage .
Accompanying osteoclasts start to resorb the bone trabeculae and gradually replace the bone .
It is unknown whether clonidine can effectively replace opioids and cause fewer side effects .
Implantable devices to repair or replace the mitral valve off-pump and percutaneously are emerging .
Cysteine could not replace glutathione , nor could glutathione S-transferase replace glutathione peroxidase .
Glutamine is effective in culturing anthers and can replace potato extract in the medium .
The cytologic alterations are unique and can replace the invasive procedure such as biopsy .
It is accurate and might replace ERCP for diagnosis .
External lithium could replace sodium on the exchanger but abolished the differences between strains .
This system could replace the more invasive catheterisation , and with excellent accuracy .
Fat can replace larger volumes than off-the-shelf fillers and provides a potentially permanent solution .
Shock lead impedance alert : replace or reconsider ?
Regenerative medicine will impact , but not replace , the medical device industry .
We discuss the potential of these approaches to replace or augment current screening .
Thus , HP1575 can functionally replace HP0770 ( CC ) in this background .
Is able to replace vma2 in a yeast null mutant .
They could be excellent candidates to replace Pd - organophosphanes for C-S coupling catalysis .
