decHOX-treated cells were also able to repopulate secondary recipients .
Such cells display enhanced resistance to standard chemotherapeutic agents and repopulate tumours after therapy .
Cultured hepatocytes adopt progenitor characteristics and display bipotent capacity to repopulate the liver .
[Human umbilical cord blood-derived mononuclear cells repopulate injured mouse liver ] .
Transplanted hepatocytes over-expressing FoxM1B efficiently repopulate chronically injured mouse liver independent of donor age .
Pluripotent hematopoietic stem cells of low and high density can repopulate W/Wv mice .
New approaches may soon be designed to repopulate injured nervous tissue with appropriate cells .
Recently , it has become possible to repopulate tissue compartments with stem cells .
They then also migrate to repopulate the stroma under the wound area .
In both cases the grafted precursors home and repopulate the thymus .
CD8+ recent thymic emigrants home to and efficiently repopulate the small intestine epithelium .
Hepatocytes and other liver cells are able to proliferate and repopulate the liver .
Circulating cells repopulate the heart at a very low rate in adult humans .
By contrast early human hepatoblasts repopulate mouse livers more efficiently .
The ex vivo-expanded HSCs could repopulate hosts after secondary transplantations .
Ovarian cystocytes can repopulate the embryonic germ line and produce functional gametes .
Moreover , engrafted myoblasts could repopulate post-infarction scar and improve cardiac function .
Pluripotential mesenchymal cells repopulate bone marrow and retain osteogenic properties .
We intended to search for a cell source to repopulate and regenerate corneal stroma .
NSCs may attempt to repopulate and reconstitute ablated regions .
However , tumors rapidly repopulate after treatment with such compounds .
Fibroblasts from affected individuals do not repopulate after chemically induced mtDNA depletion .
Non-small cell lung tumors repopulate rapidly during radiation therapy .
The keratocytes were seen to repopulate in the posterior-to-anterior direction .
Diabetic mice failed to recover and repopulate from 5-FU injection .
However , all species showed a trend to repopulate between 3 and 6 months .
