We report an acute bilateral parotid swelling in a patient after electroconvulsive therapy anesthesia .
Seventy-two percent did report a stressful event immediately prior to the development of symptoms .
About a quarter of sites report sustained use of the PtDAs in routine care .
We report a 22-year-old female who presented with erythema nodosum and bilateral inguinal lymphadenopathy .
Case report .
We report on a scrub typhus patient who contracted meningoencephalitis during doxycycline administration .
We report on our experience with this half-open surgical technique .
We report on 17 patients with traumatic intra-cerebellar haematomas .
Six studies reported on microbiological effects whereas eight studies report on clinical effects .
We report spin-selective transmission of electrons through self-assembled monolayers of double-stranded DNA on gold .
In this work we report ST patterns .
We report our experience in managing this patient group .
To report a case of primary intracerebral Hodgkin lymphoma with disease recurrence .
Martinez-Noel and co-workers now report another newly discovered aspect of the process .
We aimed to report our technique and outcomes of robot-assisted adrenalectomy ( RAA ) .
We report our complications and describe a new technique for ECS .
We report a case with brain stem lesion and discuss these nonspecific symptoms .
We report 2 cases of periorbital IPEH and review relevant literature .
The CKD - EPI equation will be used to report eGFR in KEEP .
Females were more likely to report more inconsistent condom use over time .
To report through this observation an omphalomesenteric duct causing small bowel obstruction in children .
Promote translational medical research and report high quality medical studies .
We therefore undertook a review and report findings .
Latinos smoke somewhat less than non-Latino whites and report lower levels of dependence .
Monthly report on dracunculiasis cases , January-December 2010 .
To report on the audiometric findings in the first otosclerosis family linked to OTSC10 .
Monthly report on dracunculiasis cases , January 2011 .
We report this case in detail and briefly review the literature regarding adrenal pseudocysts .
Men also report these concerns but to a lesser extent .
In this paper , we report the purification of SCPA and propose its sequence .
