Moreover , H4 cells failed to reproduce the effect of calpeptin .
Investigate the ability of SE to reproduce abnormal findings detected on preceding CE .
Why benchmark-quality computations are needed to reproduce 1-adamantyl cation NMR chemical shifts accurately .
TAAM refinements reproduce X - H bond lengths optimized in theoretical periodic calculations .
The virtual screens reproduce interactions similar to those generated by manual docking .
Our calculations reproduce well the trends in high-pressure behavior of the structural parameters .
They then had to actively reproduce it in the opposite direction .
Experiments were designed to reproduce this syndrome in gnotobiotic calves .
Attempts to reproduce such a recombination event in the laboratory were not successful .
The model can reproduce viral escape under certain conditions of B lymphocyte competition .
TDDFT does not reproduce bond alternation well in the pipi * state .
These are mechanisms that reproduce earlier gender-based inequalities in nursing .
Our simulations reproduce the experimental fluorescence anisotropy of Alexafluor488 and predict that of AlexaFluor568 .
Then we reproduce oblique exploratory factor analysis and use confirmatory factor analysis .
Parental and hybrid frogs can reproduce syntopically and form hemiclonal population systems .
This makes conditions difficult to reproduce over multiple passages .
Natural environmental cycles are often extremely difficult to reproduce under laboratory conditions .
Besides on tomato , On is able to grow and reproduce on Arabidopsis .
We aim to refine their classification and reproduce their immunohistochemical findings .
Thus , it is difficult to reproduce the results and pinpoint the bioactive metabolite .
Monkeys recall and reproduce simple shapes from memory .
Plants and animals reproduce sexually via specialized , highly differentiated gametes .
Several species of the Asian clam genus Corbicula reproduce via androgenesis .
A possible explanation is that parthenogens occasionally reproduce through sex-like processes .
In vitro fertilization and the right to reproduce .
The right to reproduce .
The model that better reproduce the surgical shock-kidney is the controlled hypovolemic shock .
The rights to reproduce and found a family are recognized as basic human rights .
Severe epidemics require strains that are virulent and that can reproduce sexually .
Most animals are male/female species and reproduce sexually .
