These stories represent narratives of heritability that are profoundly familial and cultural .
Chronic chorioamnionitis and villitis of unknown etiology represent maternal anti-fetal cellular rejection .
Thoracolumbar spine injuries represent the vast majority of unstable spine fractures .
Two sensored silicone breast models were configured to represent two different clinical presentations .
PPB patients continue to represent a diagnostic challenge .
How people process and represent magnitude has often been studied using number comparison tasks .
According to WHO Classification meningioma and craniopharyngioma represent two distinct pathological entities .
Among them , the immunosuppressant azathioprine could represent an effective and safe alternative .
Idiopathic CP and nonalcohol etiologies represent a large subgroup , particularly among women .
Other parts represent somatotopic processing and therefore reflect discriminative perceptive analysis .
Earthworms represent the dominant macrofauna and enhance microbial activities in many soils .
Keratinocytes represent 95 % of epidermal cells and can secrete several cytokines .
The results are encouraging and represent a tribute to neurosurgical intervention .
Low-density lipoproteins ( LDL ) are atherogenic and represent a strong cardiovascular risk factor .
The results showed that the transcripts were correctly assembled and represent actively expressed genes .
In conclusion , hMPCs represent a promising cellular candidate for bone tissue engineering .
The prefrontal cortex is known to represent different types of information in working memory .
The bone destruction was thought to represent metastasis from a bronchogenic carcinoma .
Survivin and p53 represent diametrically opposed signals that influence the apoptotic pathway .
Recommendations represent systematically developed statements to help practitioners in reducing variability .
They represent an uncommon lesion that occurs mainly in craniofacial complex bones .
In such cases and for nocturnal attacks , oxygen inhalations represent an alternative .
The minor may represent herself in court or may be provided with an attorney .
Endoleaks represent blood flow outside the stent-graft lumen but within the aneurysm sac .
These factors depend on technology and represent a standard on site .
Fungal infections are rare but represent serious complications following organ transplantation .
Most are asymptomatic and represent incidental findings at imaging .
However , previous assumptions that Ia cells represent T-cell activation have to be questioned .
Longitudinal anatomical changes are reported , but it is uncertain what these changes represent .
We present arguments that these Type A electrocytes represent the plesiomorphic condition .
