ADF5 was recently also found to repress CBFs .
These results suggest that HDAC3 mediates NF-kappaB activity to repress Pepck transcription .
How the polycomb is recruited to repress this gene cluster is unclear .
Hypomethylated intragenic L1s are a nuclear siRNA mediated cis-regulatory element that can repress genes .
Both miR-451 and miR-709 directly repress Myc expression .
Taken together , JunD and c-Jun repress aromatase promoter I.4 .
MarA was also found to repress OmpF expression through a MicF - independent pathway .
Multiple mechanisms collaborate to repress nanos translation in the Drosophila ovary and embryo .
Myc functions to both activate and repress transcription by associating with multiple binding partners .
We previously demonstrated that estrogens repress numerous proinflammatory genes in U2OS cells .
In conclusion , selective FXR agonists do not repress apoA-I expression in rodents .
HDACs repress gene transcription by decreasing histone acetylation levels .
Msx2 can auto-regulate its promoter and repress Dlx2 activation .
FoxD3 and Grg4 physically interact to repress transcription and induce mesoderm in Xenopus .
RvDs also repress renal interstitial fibrosis , and PD1 promotes renoprotective heme-oxygenase-1 expression .
Repressing Twist with RNAi , we can repress cell transition and inhibit retinal neovascular .
Several nuclear receptors repress inflammatory responses , but their molecular mechanisms remain poorly understood .
ZEB1 and SNAIL repress CDH1 and induce epithelial-mesenchymal transition ( EMT ) .
Unlike UV , ionizing radiation does not repress Fbw7alpha and does not induce c-Jun .
To repress or not to repress : this is the guardian 's question .
The ability of mutant p53 to repress or induce Bcl-2 expression is controversial .
DNA methylation and histone acetylation alter the nucleosomal infrastructure to repress or activate transcription .
CtBP can both repress and activate Wingless nuclear targets in Drosophila .
Numerous sRNAs repress or activate the translation of target mRNAs by a base-pairing mechanism .
Finally , we show that JMJD2 proteins promoter-specifically repress or activate gene transcription .
