Students enthusiastically request additional simulated learning opportunities .
Quality of death and dying in patients who request physician-assisted death .
Parents in 5 states may request the destruction of their child 's residual sample .
Study authors were contacted to request additional information or missing data .
It may be necessary to request the assistance of the stoma specialist nurse .
Study authors were contacted to request additional information or missing data .
Thus , clinicians request pathologists to genotype KRAS before treatment .
Clinical outcome indicators , disease prevalence and test request variability in primary care .
The appropriateness of the CT request according to local criteria .
It is advisable to request a histopathologic examination in all cases of primary HL .
The patient 's identifying number was used to request blood tests in 86 % .
When patients request the impotence pill .
Pharmacokinetic and drug metabolism studies first request that good analytical data are available .
The therapeutic value in the autopsy request .
Maternal request CS--role of hospital teaching status and for-profit ownership .
Patients requesting abdominoplasty often have concomitant umbilical hernias and may request simultaneous treatment .
All parents continued to have or request meetings with the oncologist and investigative procedures .
Respondents were encouraged to request further information and then were asked for recommendations .
Clinical staff request training , but no one has time to attend training sessions .
Women may request condom use , but men may refuse .
The authors request the replacement of the specific epithet aurantiaca and they suggest sandarakina .
Handling request for non-disclosure of clinical information in paediatrics .
Facebook friend request from a patient ?
A family 's request for deception .
They request and titrate drug levels according to their own identification of symptom distress .
Who should request and interpret tests for heritable thrombophilia ?
Spinal surgeons request blood-based on historical practice and not evidence .
Physicians should request AST before treatment and reconsider first-line use of ciprofloxacin .
