Obesity and the associated health problems urgently require effective strategies of treatment .
Once activated , the transition does not require the continued presence of alcohol .
Cancer patients with moderate-to-severe pain require opioids for analgesia .
These usually disappear with age and do not require any treatment .
These worsenings could require more complex and expensive care if not recognized .
Trazodone , mirtazapine , and ramelteon hold promise but require further study .
AKI may be irreversible and require dialysis and predicts a poor prognosis .
Most reptiles undergoing surgery are small and require specific instrumentation and positioning .
These are troublesome presentations to the patients and require adequate treatment .
Our approach does not require any modification or parameter optimization for each data set .
These findings require validation with a larger randomized study .
These cochleate structures do not require divalent cations for their assembly .
TE does not require a model of the interaction and is inherently non-linear .
This method does not require decalcification and results in a consistent , reliable assay .
Referrals occur when children require chronic opioids and/or have frequent pain hospitalizations .
Further research would require manipulating type of work .
Recent advances in information technology require higher-speed and higher-density memory devices .
Candidate interactions identified by high-throughput protein microarray screening require rigorous -confirmation .
Interventional cardiologists frequently treat patients who require surgery after stent implantation .
The HIF-alpha hydroxylases contain Fe ( 2+ ) and require 2-oxoglutarate as co-factor .
High-energy weapons were more likely to require surgery compared with low-energy weapons .
The dorsal skin is thin and the underlying structures require coverage by vascularised tissue .
Of these , some require glucose intolerance and others require obesity for the diagnosis .
In this case , 53BP1 phosphorylation did not require ATM but required ATR instead .
Our findings have important clinical implications and require replication with larger samples .
However , the findings are only preliminary and require replication with more-robust study designs .
Patients are often symptomatic and require multiple surgical procedures during their lifetime .
Despite the poor right ventricular systolic functions , they did not require right rVAD .
Of these , approximately 10 percent will require take down of their shunt .
Two simple immunoelectrophoretic techniques are described here which do not require such expertise .
