The mouse may be the way to rescue the trapped elephant !
GGOH cell-treatment can rescue the negative effect of bisphosphonates .
A mutant lacking the C - terminal 25 residues cannot rescue these defects .
Nonetheless , PER induction in pacemaker neurons can rescue tyf mutant rhythms .
Ectopic expression of RLIN1 could rescue rlin1 lesion mimic phenotype .
Social peers rescue autism-relevant sociability deficits in adolescent mice .
Light-scattering signal may indicate critical time zone to rescue brain tissue after hypoxia .
Injection pentazocine lactate was administered as rescue medication in case of uncontrolled pain .
Steps taken to protect and rescue cryopreserved embryos during Hurricane Katrina .
Ectopic telomerase expression can rescue human and macaque antigen-specific T cells from senescence .
Unique vascular intervention to rescue a pancreas allograft after technical SMA occlusion .
Previous studies have found that spatial tasks can rescue newly born neurons from death .
Cells possess protein repair pathways to rescue oxidized proteins and restore their functions .
Penicillin is effective and can rescue multiple organ failure if administered early .
Prophylactic vs rescue surfactant and antenatal corticosteroids .
Ectopic ligand expression can rescue the daw phenotype , but has no deleterious effects .
Human adult olfactory neural progenitors rescue axotomized rodent rubrospinal neurons and promote functional recovery .
Neurotrophic factors can rescue PC12 cells from cell death , and induce neuronal differentiation .
Pediatric Airtraq for airway rescue in a developing world setting .
Adaptation and evolutionary rescue in metapopulations experiencing environmental deterioration .
Glucocorticoid rescue for late-phase acute respiratory distress syndrome in trauma/surgical critical care patients .
Mutations to the rescue .
The impact of nursing surveillance on failure to rescue .
A biochemical basis of the selectivity of leucovorin rescue .
Glucarpidase rescue in a patient with high-dose methotrexate - induced nephrotoxicity .
The emergence of failure to rescue as an outcome measure will be initially discussed .
In contrast , the valine signal was unable to rescue CFTR-deltaF508 from ER-associated degradation .
