These results support intending BMI as nutritional reserve in institutionalized elderly patients .
Based on these findings , we assume that BAC - SubDo-03 might serve as a Mn reserve in the sponge providing the animal with the capacity to detoxify Mn in the environment .
Interventional cardiology : Cost-effectiveness of PCI guided by fractional flow reserve .
Inotropic reserve ( oxygen pulse ) was similar in both groups ( 11.1 +/- 3.3 vs 11.1 +/- 3.4 mL/beat ; P = .94 ) , consistent with equivalent stroke volumes , but chronotropic incompetence was higher ( 95 % vs 71 % , P = .001 ) and peak VO ( 2 ) was lower ( 12.2 +/- 3.4 vs 14.2 +/- 4.1 mL/kg/min ; P = .004 ) in the PG .
Coronary flow velocity reserve ( CFR ) was measured using transthoracic Doppler echocardiography in 18 men ( 54+/-9 years ) before and after 3 months of treatment with 600 mg/d of irbesartan and in 18 controls ( 55+/-11 years ) .
Cardiac reserve is mobilized during pregnancy , and is especially during the abnormal pregnancies due to the heavy cardiac burden .
Pediatric cardiologists continue to seek noninvasive , load-independent indexes for the assessment of LV contractility and myocardial reserve .
The availability of pediatric normal values for both this relation and resting LV IVA might facilitate future investigation of LV contractility and myocardial contractile reserve during childhood .
Earlier studies proved the EPS is structurally identical to the linear beta-1,3-glucan known as curdlan and provided evidence that the EPS functions as a carbon and energy reserve compound .
By comparison , several of the children with anthracycline exposure demonstrated flattened force-frequency curves that were largely independent of resting LV ejection fraction and suggest reduced contractile reserve .
Set a reserve .
The microemboli produced during spontaneous plaque rupture and ulceration and during coronary intervention will reduce coronary reserve and cause cardiac dysfunction .
Prospective validation of standardized , 3-dimensional , quantitative coronary computed tomographic plaque measurements using radiofrequency backscatter intravascular ultrasound as reference standard in intermediate coronary arterial lesions : results from the ATLANTA ( assessment of tissue characteristics , lesion morphology , and hemodynamics by angiography with fractional flow reserve , intravascular ultrasound and virtual histology , and noninvasive computed tomography in atherosclerotic plaques ) I study .
We review reproductive principles such as ovarian reserve , uterine function , cervical competence , and early obstetrical management , as well as available FP methods .
Comparison of adenosine magnetic resonance perfusion imaging with invasive coronary flow reserve and fractional flow reserve in patients with suspected coronary artery disease .
Then , EC based on MD , called MD-cleansing , is performed by first initializing of the level-set front with the classified tagged regions ; the front is then evolved by use of a speed function that was designed , based on the soft-tissue index , to reserve the submerged soft-tissue structures while suppressing the residual fecal regions .
Infusion of bone marrow stem cells before trans-arterial chemoembolization may help to increase liver volume and consequently increase hepatic reserve in patients with HCC , and this may improve the outcome of this procedure .
This unique feature suggests that postnatal mitral valvular endothelium harbors a reserve of progenitor cells that can contribute to osteogenic and chondrogenic VICs .
This case illustrates that fractional flow reserve ( FFR ) in addition to the severity and length of the coronary stenosis is critically dependent on the extent of viable myocardium perfused .
As a consequence , reserve of pulmonary function is recommended when surgical intervention is considered .
In particular , the ovary is susceptible to damage by chemo- and radiotherapeutic treatments , as the reserve of primordial follicles is susceptible to damage and death .
The aim of this study was to evaluate coronary microvascular function in type 2 diabetic Goto-Kakizaki ( GK ) rats using in vivo coronary flow velocity reserve ( CFVR ) and the effect of arginase inhibition to restore vascular function .
Ruptured group ( Group R ; n=10 ) were compared with those of patients with unruptured HCC group ( Group UR ; n=295 ) , concerning hepatic reserve , tumor extent and outcome .
After completion of this educational activity , the obstetrician/gynecologist should be better able to assess the current recommendations for evaluating infertile couples ; examine the various ways to assess ovarian reserve , the uterine cavity , and fallopian patency ; and appraise the controversy surrounding diagnostic surgery .
Diminishing fossil fuel reserve and increasing cost of fossil hydrocarbon products have rekindled worldwide effort on conversion of lignocellloloses ( plant biomass ) to renewable fuel .
Diminished physiological reserve and the existence of multiple medical comorbidities present additional challenges to management .
Interestingly , both coronary flow reserve and the index of microvascular resistances were abnormal , showing evidence of impaired microvascular function .
To evaluate ovarian reserve and oocyte maturity in women with malignancy .
Our results also showed that isolated individuals are sinking for pollen , with high pollen flow between the population inside the reserve and individuals on the edge .
Our results show that high donor risk score and CADI value reflect low functional reserve and risk for poor graft outcome .
