Disease-causing mutations often reside in highly conserved and buried positions .
Immunoprecipitation experiments show that both Dyn2 and cortactin reside in a complex with alpha-actinin1 .
They reside in tandem repetitive clusters , in some cases totaling hundreds of copies .
siRNAs designed to reside within siRNA seats are less likely to hybridize off-target .
Substance P ( SP ) selectively activates mast cells that reside in connective tissues .
These effects were shown to reside in the propargylamine moiety .
Those genes reside preferentially in compact chromatin and are inefficiently transcribed under basal conditions .
Large longitudinal residual strains reside in the small intestine and showed circumferential variation .
Stem cells in tissues reside in and receive signals from local microenvironments called niches .
[Population problems in the areas where the relatives of overseas Chinese reside ] .
A few thousand Metropolitan French reside there .
They play unique roles in each organ where they reside .
The parasite is dioecious and can reside inside the host for many years .
By electron microscopy , all bacteria are ingested and reside in phagosomes .
LEAR preserves the ability to ambulate and reside at home for most patients .
However , the insect tissues within which these metabolic enzymes normally reside remain unclear .
They have a preferential topographical distribution in the organs in which they reside .
The challenge in reporting data is keeping track of what data reside where .
Stem cell niches are locations where stem cells reside and self-renew .
Human papillomavirus could reside and play an etiological role in some vulvar epithelial lesions .
All patients reside and were infected in Belgium .
Multiple bacterial species reside in chronic wounds : a longitudinal study .
Lens stem cells may reside outside the lens capsule : an hypothesis .
Fifty percent of the patients reside more than 30 miles from treating hospital .
[Does consciousness reside in computer ? --On the neuro-computing point of view ] .
Bacteria that reside free and inside phagocytes cause acute and chronic forms of photobacteriosis .
Almost 11 % of British-registered pharmacists reside overseas .
