How and why does the proteome respond to microgravity ?
Controls did not respond to GNRH test .
Growth plate explants respond differently to in vitro static and dynamic loadings .
Both were given oral phenytoin after failure to respond to other measures .
The respiratory epithelium has a remarkable capacity to respond to acute injury .
These cells have been previously reported to respond to cool ambient temperatures as well .
However , patients may not respond to antibody therapy , or resistance can develop .
Bacterial arthritis does not respond well to antibiotics and moreover multidrug resistance is spreading .
Integrins respond to context-dependent cues and promote cell migration and survival in cancer cells .
Unlike automata , they do not just sense and respond to proximal stimulations .
Both these conditions can co-exist and may respond to similar therapeutic strategies .
Epithelial surfaces throughout the body continuously sample and respond to environmental stimuli .
CMN on the limbs respond poorly .
This suggests that OAB BUCs respond as if they were primed by hypoxia .
They are very receptive to additional training to enable them to respond .
Most men respond but the disease progresses after a median of 1-2 years .
2 children died in bone-marrow aplasia and 1 child did not respond .
However , not all rabbits do respond , or respond similarly .
Set up the best method by which applicants will respond to the ad .
Signal transduction is the means by which cells respond to variations in their environment .
The ways in which plants respond to damage are diverse and frequently herbivore-specific .
The majority of smaller PHI firms either declined participation or did not respond .
Surgery is reserved for cases that fail to respond or relapse after simpler measures .
Cell signaling systems sense and respond to ligands that bind cell surface receptors .
The key is to understand which subpopulations of smokers respond best to which treatment .
Polymyositis associated with pancreatic cancer may respond to glucocorticoids along with cancer specific treatment .
Compared to humans rats respond differently to testosterone deficiency .
How did the young respond emotionally to the anticipation of death ?
Do male and female black-backed woodpeckers respond differently to gaps in habitat ?
Participants were required to respond according to the manager 's instruction .
