Myosin IIA/IIB restrict adhesive and protrusive signaling to generate front-back polarity in migrating cells .
Attempts to reduce or restrict supply in one area may increase demand in others .
Prophylactic ankle taping with nonelastic sports tape has been used to restrict ankle inversion .
The focus on employer-provided health insurance in the United States may restrict business creation .
Extreme caution should restrict the application of such results to clinical decision-making .
Most plant-microbe interactions do not result in disease ; natural products restrict non-host pathogens .
It would be an oversimplification to restrict IL-17 to Th17 cells .
Mid-urethral slings support the mid-urethra and restrict downward movement during different activities .
U.S. seeks to more tightly restrict doctors ' billings for medical tests .
This provides the rationale for recommendations to restrict dietary phosphate intake to 800 mg/d .
Concerns about NAS should not restrict the methadone dosing during pregnancy .
Throughout this review we restrict our attention to epidemiological issues .
These behaviors may represent a successful strategy to restrict calories and maximize satiety .
This pathway has been shown to restrict cell division and promote apoptosis .
In normal tissues , TGF-beta generally acts to restrict growth and maintain differentiation .
Evidence-based guidelines are recommendations for therapy , but they do not restrict therapeutic freedom .
Neglect may restrict the activities of patients and reduce their quality of life .
Patients with bilateral dysfunction often restrict their activities and tend to be unsocial .
These capacity bottlenecks restrict our ability to process and act on environmental information .
Promoters can be cell specific and restrict transgene expression to certain tissue and organs .
They are impractical to handle and restrict classifying pain as either somatogenic or psychogenic .
The need for coronary artery surgery : expand or restrict ? A European view .
Competition and coexistence : exploring mechanisms that restrict and maintain diversity within mutualist guilds .
To restrict or not to restrict ?
The serologically cross-reacting antigens A2 and A28 did not restrict mutually .
The mechanisms that restrict selfrenewal are likely to play a role during aging .
Monogamous societies do not always restrict a husband 's waywardness .
