The 2 approaches did not result in a significant difference in area exposed .
Heartburn or dysphagia could result from mucin and/or acid production in this area .
Early detection and dedicated treatment of intraocular lymphoma may result in improved visual outcome .
Anterior and posterior downgrafting did not result in significantly more relapse .
Choice of the three-pellet alternative continued to result in three food pellets .
Infections in critically ill patients continue to result in unacceptably high morbidity and mortality .
Over-activation of host defense systems may result in severe tissue damage and requires regulation .
The lungs are most commonly involved and progressive inflammation may result in pulmonary fibrosis .
These imbalances result in parathyroid hyperplasia and contribute to vascular calcification .
Postictal pulvinar lesions can persist and may result in thalamic atrophy .
These intense observations are intrusive and may result in untoward stimulation of the patient .
Local anesthetics are commonly used medications and can result in adverse reactions .
[Amblyopia treatment of unilateral and bilateral cataract with visual acuity result ] .
Significant psychosocial distress and difficulty performing activities of daily living can result .
The nanospheres result in a system that provides movement of Van der Waals .
Conventional pharmacological method might result dependence and impairment in psychomotor and cognitive function .
The modifications performed result in significantly reduced input/output activity compared with the serial version .
What heritable ontogenetic mechanisms result in the evolution of new morphologies and functions ?
The mechanisms by which auto-immune diseases may result in hearing disorders are reviewed .
The mechanisms by which epithelial-mesenchymal interactions result in differentiation are not known .
The manner by which these increases result in altered neuronal activity remains unknown .
Instability can result from overresection and persistent impingement can result from underresection .
This procedure is time consuming and a delay in starting treatment might result .
Peroneal nerve injuries are common , and permanent neurologic damage may result .
In no patient did VT result in loss of consciousness .
In no instance did palsy result from the treatment .
From these dates result importance of caloric and nitrogen administration both qualitatively and quantitatively .
Non-representative superficial biopsies may result underdiagnosis of the disease .
Diagnosis , no result rate and error rate .
Excellent long-term result 10 years after minimally invasive quadruple coronary artery bypass .
