Flies selected for longevity retain a young gene expression profile .
The resulting progeny retain a maternal genotype .
Drosophila neuroblasts retain the daughter centrosome .
BIO-GIC could retain the effect of TGF-beta1 .
Wetlands can collect contaminated runoff from agricultural catchments and retain dissolved and particle-laden pesticides .
However , FoxP3 - decreased MSCs were found to retain their immunosuppressive properties .
Human skeletal muscle-derived stem cells retain stem cell properties after expansion in myosphere culture .
In principle , these core knowledge systems may retain information separately from one another .
New corticosteroids retain the efficacy of older corticosteroids while exhibiting a higher safety profile .
This mutant does not retain wild-type function and is bound by several chaperones .
Rarely BM-MSCs may retain their stem cell characteristics and are capable of producing progeny .
The process is homogeneous and the affected lens fibres retain their gross morphology .
Mosaicplasty is an alternative but does not retain normal condylar anatomy .
Students were bored and did not retain the information .
They not only maintain better liver-specific function , but also retain higher proliferative potential .
Terrestrial pulmonates can learn olfactory-aversion tasks and retain them in their long-term memory .
We also examine their ability to retain embryo viability during vapor phase transport .
BSA is found to retain native-like structure and properties upon enthalpy-driven BSA-GNP complexation .
Despite abnormal morphology , tau-expressing NMJs retain synaptotagmin expression and can form active zones .
Cells comprising overt BAC retain this differentiation phenotype , but to a reduced extent .
With the parameters used , cells retain their morphology and remain viable .
Carbon monoxide treatments to impart and retain muscle color in tilapia fillets .
Some patients are normocapnic at rest but retain CO2 during exercise .
Failure of immature lungs to produce foam and retain air at birth .
To retain or remove the syndesmotic screw : a review of literature .
A memory function is incorporated to retain and re-use a successful sequence .
It is difficult to retain and localize radioactive , water-soluble compounds within plant cells .
These particulate vaccines retain the adjuvant activity of the saponin component but without toxicity .
Treat , train , retain .
DON program " trains to retain " and does .
