Intervention that suppressed this signaling loop may potentially retard age-associated adverse arterial remodeling .
UNSM process is expected to eliminate or significantly retard the formation of fretting wear .
Arsenic was found to retard ferrihydrite dissolution and transformation as well as goethite formation .
The normal kidney may retard the restoration of damaged kidney in uni-lateral I/R model .
Hence , its removal by iron chelators may retard the progression of the disease .
These organic molecules retard mineral growth , preventing cell encrustation .
Poverty and other forms of inequity undermine individual and population health and retard development .
Mebendazole or albendazole therapy seems to retard the recurrences and control the disease .
Current PD medications treat symptoms ; none halt or retard dopaminergic neuron degeneration .
On the contrary , they retard progression of chronic kidney disease .
These devices , however , also retard subsidence after surgery .
In conclusion , demethylating agents effectively retard growth of TCC and RCC cell lines .
Thiazolidinediones have been reported to retard cystic disease in rodent models by uncertain mechanisms .
Both biochars were found to retard MCPA degradation in loamy sand and sandy soils .
As a result , this surface helps retard frost formation at that condition .
Indeed , reversible inhibitors retard photo-inactivation , and photo-inactivation destroys their binding sites .
Also IORT can retard the tumor growth and improve the patient survival .
Hypertension accompanies diabetic nephropathy and its treatment may retard the progression of renal failure .
Admixtures are compounds used to retard or accelerate concrete setting time .
Cyst decompression surgery does not appear to significantly retard or arrest progressive renal insufficiency .
The concept of cancer prevention is to retard , regress or eliminate precancerous lesions .
[Anti-arrhythmia effectiveness and tolerance of retard in comparison with standard mexiletine ] .
Bisoprolol and nifedipine retard in elderly hypertensive patients : effect on quality of life .
Patients with elevated CRP responded to ariphon retard with positive CRP dynamics .
Stress during early development can retard or accelerate sexual maturation and reproduction .
In summary , there are many areas where treatment may retard or reverse atherogenesis .
Calcium antagonists and beta blockers may retard or inhibit atherogenesis .
[Prevention of atrial flutter with Chinidin retard ] .
Evaluation of treatment with bromocriptine retard .
Inhibition of puerperal lactation by means of a single injection of bromocriptine retard .
