A Mini Loop Retractor was applied to retract the fundus of the gallbladder .
This helped to mobilize and further retract the trigeminal root .
Hyoid and gular muscles were manually employed to depress and retract the tongue .
Upon release of transpulmonary pressure the lungs retract by an indeterminable amount .
During the injury event , the tendon ends may retract towards the palm .
Also , the input axons do not retract after binocular deprivation .
The donor ureter was allowed to retract inside the bladder .
Commonly , filopodia grow and retract after their initiation , exhibiting rich dynamical behaviors .
Spines can grow and retract within hours of activity perturbation .
The authors would like to retract the article as the published versions of Figs .
Editors have a responsibility to retract seriously flawed articles from their journals .
It can hold and retract the lung freely like forceps .
We can no longer stand behind the article and hereby retract it .
We show that B66 stimulation does not close or retract the radula .
Two hooks are also introduced to retract the lung and dissect the ductal region .
In group D , the tendon was allowed to retract and undergo fibrosis .
During that time we trained the parent to retract and clean the foreskin only .
Neurones that lose their presynaptic partners because of injury usually retract or die .
Harvard researchers retract data in immunology paper .
We retract our earlier suggestion of a mitochondrial site of [14C ] formate oxidation .
Physicians retract opinion : nurses not negligent .
The still-frozen specimens were thawed during fixation to allow elastic filaments to retract .
When these cells are deleted , terminal climbing fibre branches retract .
When they retract , new ingested particles are drawn into the grinder .
Then , endothelial cells retract rapidly and cancer cells bind to hepatocytes .
Most anurans retract and close their eyes repeatedly during swallowing .
Anterior dislocation is due to forces which retract and depress the clavicle .
Subsequently , many of these neurons retract callosal collaterals while maintaining ipsilateral projections .
In light of these findings , we retract our previous conclusions .
Anaesthetics journals retract further articles after ethics approval is found lacking .
