TBI often has a profound impact on a survivor 's ability to return to previous level of functioning and significantly reduces the overall quality of life for survivors and caregivers .
Hand impairment is a common and serious occupational injury among workers because it can affect the outcome to return to work ( RTW ) and even cause permanent dysfunction .
Twelve months postoperatively , the fracture was radiographically healed and the patient was pain free with restoration of full knee motion and return to sporting activity .
The aims of this study were to investigate the beliefs and attitudes of managers and employees with musculoskeletal pain about sickness absence , presenteeism , and return to work and to identify areas of consensus and conflict .
The treatment of most injuries tends to have similar goals : to minimize initial pain and swelling , restore full range of motion , and return to full strength .
Resolution of inflammation is an active , agonist-mediated , programmed return to tissue homeostasis .
Of these 80 instances , on 58 occasions the hen returned to a nest-box to lay her egg ; on 12 the hen returned to the nest-box but laid no egg ; on 7 the hen did not return to the nest box and laid no egg ; and on three the hen laid her egg on the floor .
With regard to the duty of the researcher the question of whether researchers have a more stringent duty to return important health information when their research subjects are children is more difficult to answer .
The results reported here are valid for satellites of small physical cross section , or else those with retroreflectors that dominate the signal return .
Since the dorsolateral telencephalon has been considered a teleost homologue of the mammalian hippocampus , we predicted that the spatial abilities required for females to locate and return accurately to nests of males may have produced a sex difference in the size of the telencephalic nuclei involved in spatial abilities , biased towards females .
Influenza vaccination in healthy working adults in Russia : observational study of effectiveness and return on investment for the employer .
In addition , this review will provide recommendations regarding fluoroquinolone use in athletes and return to play after fluoroquinolone exposure .
To explain the regression of aperistalsis , 2 non-excluding hypothesis were postulated : the intramural inflammatory process , established during the acute phase , could interfere with esophageal motility by weakening the peristaltic waves ; with the remission of the inflammatory reaction , the peristaltic activity of the esophagus would return to normal , as long as no extensive denervation occurred ; and/or a definitive reinnervation is responsible for the recuperation of the normal esophageal peristaltic activity .
It was found that CO ( 2 ) can induce the micellization of Pluronics in water , and the micelle can return to the initial state of molecular dispersion after depressurization .
This study examines ( 1 ) return to work ( RTW ) and ability to work ( ATW ) rates , and the association with ( 2 ) psychiatric comorbidity and ( 3 ) socio-demographic , illness-related , vocational and rehabilitation-related characteristics in herniated disc surgery patients .
Although a certain degree of restriction in interphalangeal joint motion occurred , this was nearly negligible and did not deter return to normal daily living activity , work , and recreation .
The curation of such databases can be facilitated by employing text-mining systems to identify genes which play the interactor role in PPIs and to map these genes to unique database identifiers ( interactor normalization task or INT ) and then to return a list of interaction pairs for each article ( interaction pair task or IPT ) .
Whether to return individual research results from cancer genetics studies is widely debated , but little is known about how participants respond to results disclosure or about its time and cost burdens on investigators .
WBCS has proven to be a useful test for detecting septic activity in the jaw bone , being more effective than BS alone , which under certain circumstances , can return a very high false-positive rate .
