To revisit the possible implication of mechanobiology and cell tensegrity in shaping ethnic hair .
Pseudomyxoma peritonei--a revisit : report of 2 cases and literature review .
Using the Delphi technique in economic evaluation : time to revisit the oracle ?
We revisit the Raman , IR , and UV-visible spectra with two new approaches .
Receipt of delayed breast reconstruction after mastectomy : do women revisit the decision ?
We also revisit the necessary pre-processing stage in the M-band case .
We revisit the paradigm of an ideal gas under isothermal conditions .
In particular we revisit the recent paper of Broom et al .
In this paper we revisit Irvine et al .
We revisit this system and use microsatellites to obtain multilocus genotypes .
Here , we revisit two mass-oriented methods and discuss their strengths and limitations .
Here I revisit the topic and suggest how journal editors can help .
To revisit relevant evidence and provide a quantitative summary estimate of ASF efficacy .
This limits the usefulness of condition-specific readmission or revisit measures in pediatric quality measurement .
It would be appropriate to revisit the topic of CIN and formulate new guidelines .
For that reason , we decided to revisit the idea in a modified form .
Variation in physicians ' recommendations about revisit interval for three common conditions .
There have recently been calls to revisit TB screening , particularly in high-risk groups .
In this paper , we revisit this classic result and describe two new extensions .
In this study , we revisit this particular regulation and explore new considerations .
Coronary atherectomy : a revisit with a new tool : single-blade cutting balloon .
Febrile seizures : A revisit to an old problem .
Cases report of unicentric Castleman 's disease : revisit of radiotherapy role .
Lymph node size in uterine cancer : A revisit .
A revisit .
Intracranial pressure after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage : time to revisit .
Synthetic-dynamic theory of drug abuse : a revisit with empirical data .
Dosing algorithm revisit for busulfan following IV infusion .
Revisiting Dohrenwend et al. 's revisit of the National Vietnam Veterans Readjustment Study .
