The impact factors of biomedical journals tend to rise over time .
The z scores tended to rise with age .
Aerobic power was assumed to rise monoexponentially with a time constant tau .
CV ( inter ) did not rise above 4.5 % .
The authors have found that pancreas CCL-2 and CCR-2 levels rise during pancreatitis .
Serum uric acid levels physiologically and gradually rise during human lifetime .
Prescriptions for generic drugs rise sharply .
Glacial demise and methane 's rise .
Therefore , the number of pregnant women with endometriosis and associated complications may rise .
Levels of acute-phase proteins rise rapidly , during infection and after injury .
US abortion rates rise among poor women but fall overall .
Plasma free catecholamines rise during exercise , but sulfoconjugated catecholamines reportedly fall .
The rise and fall of endothelin receptor antagonists in congestive heart failure .
Some incomes rise , but others fall .
[The rise and fall of pathology techniques ] .
Its cellular levels are usually low and rise substantially in response to DNA damage .
This relative hypoventilation led to a rise in PaCO2 and fall in pHa .
Basal TSH levels were not elevated and did not rise significantly after TRH injection .
The incidence of pleural infection continues to rise worldwide .
The new therapeutic modality should be necessary to rise up this clinical response rate .
Her activity contributed to rise the obstetrics knowledge in XVII century .
As fitness to practise cases rise , nurses debate what can be done .
Voiceless affricate/fricative distinction by frication duration and amplitude rise slope .
When alcohol is withdrawn , free fatty acids rise sharply and plasma magnesium falls .
Prescription prices rise faster after recession .
Deaths rise in good economic times : evidence from the OECD .
Prices rise along with business activity in August .
Male rates were lower in every age group and did not rise as dramatically .
Incidences continues to rise and vary substantially between populations .
Predialysis and postdialysis CK was measured in 10 patients and did not rise .
