The metal coating modulates fluorescence emission as these structures rotate in suspension .
As a rule , animals rotate toward the hemisphere with lower striatal dopaminergic activity .
The tips of the applicator allow the clip to rotate through a wide arc .
The dust structure starts to rotate in the magnetic field .
Immediately after seeding , the cells move in streams and rotate around their axes .
During somitogenesis the premyoblasts rotate covering subsequently the whole myotome length .
Two half-wave plates are utilized to rotate the polarizations of two orthogonally polarized beams .
An explanation of the need to rotate exposure tubes .
Theoretical calculations indicate that it requires 2.0 eV to rotate the Si trimer .
Broad-line active galactic nuclei rotate faster than narrow-line ones .
Bacteria switch the direction their flagella rotate to control movement .
Trailing flagella rotate faster than leading flagella in unipolar cells of Spirillum volutans .
They rotate pigs into the play area for periodic enrichment and socialization .
A scan platform can rotate the sensor head about two orthogonal axes .
To determine whether derotation systems rotate the scoliotic helix .
Interfacial tension therefore cannot rotate a spherical particle about its center .
The therapy includes the attempt to rotate the uterus back into its physiological position .
Only rarely do side chains rotate into radically new orientations .
The interns rotate during 16 weeks by specialties and make shifts .
In this process , the superhelices likely rotate and translocate relative to each other .
Objects can be superimposed and collections of objects are allowed to translate and rotate .
Viscose fibre exhibited swelling under the same conditions but did not rotate .
Computerized dynamic posturography uses a force platform that can both translate and rotate .
In so doing , it may rotate the outer two follicles of the triad .
The state contains two rings of cells that rotate clockwise at different rates .
Ruffed lemurs rotate the head vertically during chewing in a behavior called head-tilting .
Sitting causes the pelvis to rotate backwards and the lumbar lordosis to reduce .
Use of four mirrors to rotate linear polarization but preserve input-output collinearity. II .
