In the long run the results of stenting and CEA seem to be comparable .
A clinical CT scanner , run in cine mode , was used with two optical devices , GateCT and RPM , to detect respiratory motion .
All searches were run in September 2009 .
Simulations were run with 1,000 patients per cohort over a time horizon of 40 years .
As proof of concept two closed loop simulations were run to demonstrate the usefulness of BSM-MBR for identifying control strategies to lower operational costs without compromising effluent quality .
The peer tutors were given a large degree of autonomy to run the programme as they thought best .
Infusion studies run during the last 10 years in three rat strains with different flow rates of saline as vehicle were compared as to a potential impact of infused volume on clinicochemical values and histopathology .
As to this subject , the molecular study of the defect of the gene let to point out couples that run the risk of beta-thalassemia and to develop an exhaustive and correct information about the possibility to beget children suffering from beta-thalassemia .
Very soon a trillion-base-pair sequence run will be feasible , so it is time to reflect on what we have learned from metagenomics .
Administration of intravenous ephedrine was not effective and a short run appeared .
The idea is to implement the N-FINDR as a random algorithm , called random N - FINDR ( RN-FINDR ) so that a single run using one set of random initial endmembers is considered as one realization .
Morphologically different fifteen slow growing single spore isolates ( SSIs ) were screened from germinated basidiospores of Agaricus bisporus ; assumed to be homokaryons , and subjected to growth rate , spawn run , fruiting and inter-simple sequence repeat ( ISSR ) analysis for confirmation of true homokaryons .
The principal goals of this study were to identify potential sources of systematic error in 2 commonly used field tests ( Cooper 's 12-minute run [12MR ] and the multistage shuttle run [MSR ] ) and estimate the reliability of the 2 tests from these data .
The treatment strategy model was built and run with TreeAge decision analysis software ( TreeAge Software , Inc , Williamstown , MA ) .
Validity and reliability analysis of Cooper 's 12-minute run and the multistage shuttle run in healthy adults .
An anger control group was created and run as an extension of the prison in-reach healthcare team , in order to meet the needs of prisoners .
Just after skin incision , ST elevation in leads II and V5 and a short run of ventricular tachycardia with frequent premature ventricular contractions ( PVCs ) were recorded on the ECG monitor , and the patient 's blood pressure suddenly decreased within a few seconds .
Apoptosis and expression of CD95 were determined by flow cytometry ; experiments were run in the presence of caspase-8 and caspase-9 inhibitors and of CaCl ( 2 ) .
The biogas reactors were run with either cattle or pig manures as substrates , and both were operated at mesophilic and thermophilic conditions .
However , animal numbers are small for each rat strain examined and studies were run over almost 10 years .
This technique can be considered to give a good measure of a compound 's lipophilicity , albeit slower and more labor intensive to run compared with some other methodologies .
This was completed before and after a 5000 m run ( 3.2 m s ( -1 ) ) in their own trainers in three conditions ; barefoot , non-specialist socks and specialist running socks .
For this study , 20 runners with PFP and 20 uninjured controls performed a prolonged run on a treadmill at a self-selected pace .
It is designed to allow a researcher to run masked ( and unmasked ) priming experiments using a variety of response devices ( including keyboards , graphics tablets and force transducers ) .
These gaps run the risk of pathologizing normal emotional reactions to stressful events on the one hand and on the other of overdiagnosing depressive disorder with the consequent unnecessary prescription of antidepressant treatments .
The current proposal will run a full , web-based IME involving 250 GPs that will advance the methodology of IMEs by directly comparing results with an earlier paper-based IME .
There is a need for an easy-to-use , freely available programme that can run simple and choice reaction time tasks with no special software .
Existing , brute-force approaches run optimization algorithms on the structure and on the kinetic parameter values of the network .
In Europe , a number of countries already run a national reporting system in anaesthesiology with large collections of critical events .
