They sample their surroundings , internalizing , processing and presenting antigens to T cells .
The conflicting structural requirements can be resolved by a flexible active center that can sample both open and closed conformational states .
Growing experimental data over several decades show that proteins are not rigid objects , but they may sample more or less wide ranges of different conformations .
However , if predators sample aposematic prey and selectively reject individuals on the basis of their chemical investment , aposematism could become evolutionarily stable .
Many organisms sample their environment through multiple sensory systems and the integration of multisensory information enhances learning .
These methods sample the stimulus ( or mental-state ) space more richly , estimate a separate response pattern for each stimulus , and can generalize from the stimulus sample to a stimulus population .
Taken together with the observation that PFs often protrude from NFPs , our data suggest that PFs form by a random nucleation mechanism in which the polypeptide chains sample many different aggregated conformations .
Transmembranal water transport permits solvent protons in the extravesicular water space , in which most of the observed NMR signal orginates , to sample the highly relaxive environment of the chromaffin granule matrix .
The importance of exploratory behaviors by which agents actively sample information has been long appreciated in a wide range of disciplines ranging from machine and robot learning to neuroscience and psychology .
Here we describe two approximate methods for generating informative stimulus sequences : the first approach provides a fast method for scoring the informativeness of a batch of specific potential stimulus sequences , while the second method attempts to compute an optimal stimulus distribution from which the experimenter may easily sample .
Competition between intra- and interchain interactions greatly affects the diffusivity of peptide molecules and the conformational space that they can sample , ultimately controlling the shape , size , and distribution of the aggregate configurations .
In the study of depression , most randomized clinical trials have design features that attempt to sample from a stable patient population .
They negotiate their cluttered environment by radiating sound in a narrow 20degrees field of view which they sample with 1.5-3 clicks per metre travelled requiring only some 60 clicks to locate , select and approach each prey .
Saccadic eye movements and fixations are the behavioral means by which we visually sample text during reading .
One of the key ingredients of our method , to build a three-dimensional structure from a random sequence of amino acids , is to work directly on torsional angles of the chain which we sample from a von Mises distribution .
Our results provide evidence that : ( i ) the carbons that participate in the glycosidic linkage are the most sensitive probes with which to sense conformational changes of disaccharides ; ( ii ) the rotation of the hydroxyl groups closest to the glycosidic linkage significantly affects the computation of the shieldings of the carbons that participate in the glycosidic linkage ; ( iii ) it is not possible to obtain the shieldings of one disaccharide from the computed values of a different disaccharide or from those disaccharides that differ in the anomeric state ; and ( iv ) a proper basis set distribution , a functional , and a step size , with which to sample the conformational space , are necessary to compute shieldings accurately and rapidly .
Often , the only practical site from which to sample the cellular responses is the peripheral blood .
Yet , the appropriate ratio in which to sample cases and controls has never been determined .
Second , no census is available of these facilities from which to sample in order to implement a survey .
The perturbation analysis provides a reduced master equation in which the highly reactive species can sample only zero , and are effectively removed from the model .
Endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial fine-needle aspiration ( EBUS-FNA ) has gained acceptance as the diagnostic procedure of choice with which to sample hilar and mediastinal lymph nodes ( LNs ) for diagnosing and staging patients with lung cancer .
The sequential search strategy is a prominent model of searcher behavior , derived as a rule by which females might sample and choose a mate from a distribution of prospective partners .
Both experiments utilized the latent cue preference ( LCP ) task , in which water-replete rats sample water in one compartment of a three-compartment box , and are subsequently given a compartment preference test when water-deprived to determine if they remember the compartment cue previously associated with water .
This is especially important for clinical registries that sample rather than collect 100 % of cases , which can limit hospital case accrual .
