They were found to satisfy the required U.S.
Computed 2-RDMs nearly satisfy necessary N - representability conditions .
Can low-income Americans afford to satisfy MyPyramid fruit and vegetable guidelines ?
Currently available physical phantoms do not satisfy this requirement .
We propose corrected expressions for the null-scattering conditions that satisfy the optical theorem .
We call the class of system-environment states that satisfy this condition lazy states .
These data did not satisfy the pre-planned hypothesis and the study was stopped .
These premises satisfy a number of needs but are not optimal .
How can we satisfy such hopes and innovate in this domain today ?
Of the 40 subjects , 6 did not satisfy the verification criterion .
[Nurses should satisfy need for current technology in nursing ] .
Neurotransmitters , by themselves , do not satisfy any longer the curiosity of biologists .
The results reveal that the algorithm is accurate and can satisfy the throughput demand .
Dural tenting sutures were never placed for prophylaxis or to satisfy a routine .
How to satisfy patients and compete with the entrepreneurs .
It is designed to satisfy the requirements of students with varied , non-scientific backgrounds .
The Ventimasks satisfy their specifications under all test conditions .
Such cells are presumed to satisfy their ATP needs by glycolysis .
Most water sources did n't satisfy the turbidity values recommended by WHO .
We consider latent class models for the joint classification that satisfy quasi-symmetry .
There was often found that data of anamnesis and documents extracts did not satisfy .
This paper addresses ways in which communication practitioners can satisfy this crucial audience .
This raises the question of which non-Anosov systems satisfy the fluctuation relation .
General expressions that the coordinate transformations must satisfy are described .
Special attention is paid to the conditions that a thermodynamically consistent formulation should satisfy .
