In order to saturate electron spins , long high-power RF EPR pulses are needed .
Consequently , high concentrations of conjugate are required to saturate androgen receptor binding sites .
At each of these boutons sufficient transmitter is released to saturate all available receptors .
Breakage soon after irradiation appeared to saturate at fluences above 10 J/m2 .
The response began to saturate for disturbances of greater than 25 degrees .
The size of the P0 peak appeared to saturate at high intensities .
Farred light can also saturate this response .
The amplitude reduction occurs at flash intensities that saturate rod photoreceptor responses .
Seawater dissolved inorganic carbon levels did not saturate photosynthesis .
It was found that the magnocellular cells saturate more strongly than parvocellular cells .
Moreover , both negative and positive oxygen responses saturate at high stimulus contrast levels .
Although SERTs saturate in the micromolar range , synaptic 5HT may exceed 1 mM .
We were unable to saturate the lower affinity binding sites with this ligand .
Most animals were pretreated with KI to saturate the gland with iodide .
Nondextran irons were able to saturate transferrin in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner .
These fragments are potential candidates to block or saturate Fc receptors on immunocompetent cells .
The upper airways warm and saturate inspired air with water vapour .
These solvents are taken up and saturate the membrane .
The nucleoprotein filaments saturate the DNA and extend it approximately 1.6-fold .
Isoforms of HLA-G saturate the maternal-fetal interface and circulate in mothers throughout pregnancy .
However , infection at high multiplicity can saturate TRIM21 and overcome neutralization .
T he saturate adsorption capacity of the Cd2+ was 77.88 mg/g .
Then , the bend angle decreases and electrical parameters nearly saturate .
Saturation biopsy of the prostate : why saturation does not saturate .
However , inhibitory effects are recruited at lower intensities and saturate earlier than excitation .
The toxicity of the saturate and aromatic fractions also differed between the mixtures .
Uptake was proportional to [ELF ] but did not saturate under these exposure conditions .
