Both Dpp concentration and signaling gradients scale with tissue size during development .
Edmonton symptom assessment scale as a prognosticative indicator in patients with advanced cancer .
The reliability of an education-related self-efficacy scale for people with psychiatric disabilities .
Some lessons learned from using medium scale genotyping techniques in pharmacogenetic research .
Large scale isolation of 1,2:3,4-di-O-isopropylidene-alpha-D-glucoseptanose and 2,3:4,5-di-O-isopropylidene-beta-D-glucoseptanose .
Laboratory scale examination of the effects of overloading on the anaerobic digestion by glycerol .
Determinants of the distribution of nitrogen - cycling microbial communities at the landscape scale .
Australia 's use of the Cornell scale to screen for depression in nursing homes .
Symptoms according to the Aging Males ' Symptoms scale remained unchanged .
The negative self-portrayal scale : development , validation , and application to social anxiety .
Do n't delay but scale the pay : some lessons learned about stroke rehabilitation .
In this review , we propose a potential approach to scale selection .
Impedimetric responses were found to scale with the device geometric parameters .
SADPERSONS scale in assessing self harm risk .
KUD--a scale for clinical evaluation of moderate-to-severe dementia .
The physical length is required to scale radiation hybrid and other maps to megabases .
These operations were difficult to scale up for the manufacture of dosage forms .
To scale vasorelaxation at different intraluminal pressure loads on such vessels of different size .
Large scale library generation for high throughput sequencing .
A new enabling technology for convenient laboratory scale continuous flow processing at low temperatures .
Global exponential stability of multitime scale competitive neural networks with nonsmooth functions .
In principle , assemblies could scale with cell size or use intrinsic mechanisms .
The FIT was found to have excellent interrater reliability and scale homogeneity .
Recommendations for reporting the results of studies of instrument and scale development and testing .
A VE can be developed once and scale efficiently with the number of cores .
