The diagnostic significance of a gallium scan in this case will also be discussed .
Elemental composition is mapped by a survey scan over a broad energy range .
Ultrasound scan at 20 weeks diagnosed gastroschisis as isolated finding .
A two-dimensional polarization interferometry based parallel scan angular surface plasmon resonance biosensor .
The outcomes of men with bone scan negative disease were specifically analysed .
The LungSign computerized system was employed to scan cellular nuclei .
Hepatobiliary scan for assessing disease severity in patients with cholelithiasis .
The role of ultrasound scan in the diagnosis of occult inguinal hernias .
A genome-wide admixture scan for ancestry-linked genes predisposing to sarcoidosis in African-Americans .
CT scan 6 hours later showed bilateral SDH with extension to the tentorium .
A space-time scan statistic for detecting emerging outbreaks .
Late diagnosis of incomplete Cantrell 's syndrome on CT scan .
Hyperspectral nanoscale imaging on dielectric substrates with coaxial optical antenna scan probes .
Correlations between CT scan findings and hearing thresholds in otosclerosis .
Intrinsic and extrinsic properties of the scan field .
ChromoScan : a scan statistic application for identifying chromosomal regions in genomic studies .
False-positive thallium-201 parathyroid scan of the mediastinum in Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Computed axial tomography scan demonstration of cerebral edema in eclampsia preceded by blindness .
The diagnosis can be confirmed by computed tomographic scan or magnetic resonance imaging .
Patients underwent a high-resolution anatomic brain magnetic resonance scan and cognitive assessment .
To scan or not to scan .
Between the initial scan and the 3-month rescan , participants were referred for PET .
[Construction of ultrasonograms by spiral scan and three-dimensional display of tissue ] .
Screening of 553 persons for thyroid disease by scan and physical exam was performed .
The diagnosis was based on CT scan and MRI findings .
All cases had a computed tomographic scan and ultrasound as preoperative workup .
Pheochromocytoma was diagnosed by CT scan , as well as urine and plasma metanephrines .
The effect of genome-wide association scan quality control on imputation outcome for common variants .
Extended scan depth optical coherence tomography for evaluating ocular surface shape .
Quality of life , pulmonary function , and tomographic scan abnormalities after ARDS .
