CT nonuniform attenuation and TEW scatter corrections in brain Tc-99m ECD SPECT .
Measurement of head scatter factors of linear accelerators with columnar miniphantoms .
Peptides , however , do not scatter enough light to allow such measurements .
Specially , the largest families scatter evenly in different kinds of folds .
Most cellulase genes scatter around the genome .
Magnitude and effects of x-ray scatter in a 256-slice CT scanner .
Optical component interface scatter characterization by selective polarization extinction .
Peripheral circumferential retinal scatter photocoagulation for the treatment of proliferative sickle retinopathy .
Experimentally measured scatter fractions and energy spectra as a test of Monte Carlo simulations .
We show that some holococcolith structures have the ability to scatter the ultraviolet radiation .
Experiment-based scatter correction for cone-beam computed tomography using the statistical method .
Robust primary modulation-based scatter estimation for cone-beam CT .
Parasite-derived granules and vacuoles were seen to scatter within the parasitophorous vacuoles .
Intratest scatter in hospitalized brain-damaged and schizophrenic patients .
Intrasubtest scatter on the WAIS-III information subtest and psychometrically defined retrieval deficits .
These mutations scatter broadly across the primary sequence and have no apparent unifying connection .
Analysis of WAIS-IV index score scatter using significant deviation from the mean index score .
Receptive field and orientation scatter studied by tetrode recordings in cat area 17 .
Automated quantitative analysis of epithelial cell scatter .
This is mainly due to the atmosphere particles that absorb and scatter the light .
The anthropomorphic phantom was used to emulate real pediatric patient geometry and scatter conditions .
These microvolumes scatter light and cause the lens to become opaque .
It introduces numerous interfaces and grain boundaries that scatter phonons and decrease thermal conductivity .
During the fall , particles experience dissipative collisions that scatter them in random directions .
Multiwindow scatter correction techniques in single-photon imaging .
