Antioxidant properties of plants can help to scavenge reactive oxygen species .
Both JFEE and JFBE markedly scavenge diphenylpicrylhydrazyl radical and chelate Fe+2 in vitro .
Tumour suppressor SIRT3 deacetylates and activates manganese superoxide dismutase to scavenge ROS .
A novel oligonucleotide carrier which can scavenge ROS is described .
Host cells are equipped with antioxidants that scavenge ROS .
Silymarin and its components scavenge phenylglyoxylic ketyl radicals .
This has led to many clinical attempts to scavenge ROS and reduce oxidative injury .
Malvidin and peonidin did not scavenge ROS but prevented the cellular formation of ROS .
We subsequently showed that this peptide targeted mitochondria and can scavenge reactive oxygen species .
The flavonoid components of EGb761 scavenge free radicals and protect myocardia from ischemia-reperfusion injury .
Human pancreatic cancer tumors are nutrient poor and tumor cells actively scavenge extracellular protein .
However , antioxidants scavenge FR and maintain the oxidative/antioxidative balance in the liver .
Glutathione was able to scavenge , with high efficiency , the free radicals produced .
Moreover , CXCL16 did not bind and scavenge oxLDL in an in vitro setting .
Mycorrhizas ' scavenge ' P from solution or ' mine ' insoluble organic N .
ECH could also scavenge the DPPH and OH free radicals in a concentration-dependent manner .
In addition , allopurinol did not scavenge superoxide anion or hydrogen peroxide in vitro .
Enhancement of extracellular glutamate scavenge system in injured motoneurons .
These complexes were compared to compounds reported to scavenge and generate . OH .
To scavenge or not to scavenge , that is STILL the question .
To scavenge or not to scavenge : that is the question .
Foetal erythrocytes exhibit an increased ability to scavenge for nitric oxide .
Some species were observed to scavenge almost continually throughout the day and night .
Microorganisms rely on binding-protein assisted , active transport systems to scavenge for scarce nutrients .
