The WST survival assay : an easy and reliable method to screen radiation-sensitive individuals .
Monitoring of CAP may help to screen the high-risk patients in the elderly population .
It is not cost-effective to screen all vascular day-case admissions .
The ISI was established to screen for insomnia in both clinical and research situations .
RT-PCR was used to screen for mRNA of other transporters .
When appropriate , screen for suicidal ideations .
The AS-PCR assay was used to screen 619 individuals from 20 localities throughout Thailand .
To screen a group of children with CDGP for pathogenic sequence variants in LEP .
This new assay provides an important tool to efficiently screen compounds for gametocytocidal activity .
We screen for fragments using X-ray crystallography as the primary screen .
We also screen in a first pass mode without recollecting failed diffraction experiments .
Fluorescence-based duplex-quadruplex competition test to screen for telomerase RNA quadruplex ligands .
MS/MS can be used to screen and classify IEM .
Simultaneous DSC-FTIR microspectroscopy used to screen and detect the co-crystal formation in real time .
Prostate cancer : to screen or not to screen .
Handsearching was done to screen the reference sections of potential trials and reviews .
To screen or nor to screen : the prostate cancer dilemma .
We initiated a protocol designed to screen patients preoperatively and monitor them postoperatively .
They can be used to characterize restriction systems and screen for restriction endonuclease mutants .
The methodology is rapid , noninvasive and can screen for multiple drugs .
Identified genes are candidates for targeted therapeutic development and to screen for craniosynostosis-causing mutations .
Should we screen patients for Barrett 's esophagus ?
Should we screen patients for Barrett 's esophagus ?
Hospital case managers screen patients for appropriateness for the program .
Providers may selectively screen patients .
Evaluation of strategies to screen thyroid function in early pregnancy .
A method to screen obstructive sleep apnea using multi-variable non-intrusive measurements .
A total of 71 % of ADHD stimulant misusers screen positive for ADHD symptoms .
The NCI60 human tumour cell line anticancer drug screen .
The effect of thioridazine on the Automatic Clinical Analyzer serum tricyclic anti-depressant screen .
