Endodontic treatment was completed on the adjacent teeth concurrent with periapical surgery to seal the tooth apex .
The attainment of an apical seal in such cases is challenging .
Lastly , both suture ends are tied around the plastic seal .
The AngioSeal device is a percutaneous , bioabsorbable , collagen - based hemostatic plug deployed to seal the arterial puncture .
Clearfil and MTA achieved a hermetic seal .
The use of diamond - coated ultrasonic tips improved the seal and reduced the gap when using materials that did not hermetically seal the cavity ( Amalcap , IRM , Cavalite , Vitrebond ) .
Intraoperative angiography documented the complete seal of the primary entry .
Five novel DNA-dependent DNA polymerase ( Dpol ) herpesviral sequences were generated using nested consensus polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) in clinical samples from a harbor seal ( Phoca vitulina ) , bottlenose dolphin ( Tursiops truncatus ) , orca ( Orcinus orca ) , California sea lion ( Zalophus californianus ) , and a Phocid herpesvirus 2 ( PhHV-2 ) isolate from a harbor seal ( used as positive control ) .
Ultrasonic cavity preparation is preferable because it improves the seal and marginal fit of materials that do not achieve a hermetic seal of the cavity ( Amalcap , IRM , Cavalite , Vitrebond ) .
The collagen seal had embolized and was subsequently removed by the vascular surgeons .
After the trocar is inserted into the abdominal wall , we place a 2/0 silk suture through the skin next to the trocar , then a sterile Nylon 6.6 plastic seal ( Sumar Inc , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is wrapped around the trocar and the end of one of the sutures .
The seal was evaluated in two experiments : a microleakage assay on the passage of dye to the interface ; and a scanning electron microscopy study and analysis of epoxy resin replicas , measuring the size of gaps in the interface between filling material and cavity walls .
Seal or no seal : Philips analyzer latent error .
Dynamic examination of the area of impingement , which cannot be performed in open treatment of cam impingement , confirms adequate resection and labral seal through hip range of motion .
Differentiating between Steller sea lion ( Eumetopias jubatus ) and northern fur seal ( Callorhinus ursinus ) scats through analysis of faecal DNA .
Plasma-enhanced chemical vapour deposition ( PECVD ) of SiO ( 2 ) led to an hourglass structure of the pore and a tighter seal than that offered by a flat , thermal SiO ( 2 ) surface .
The lungs of a northern elephant seal , Mirounga angustirostris ( Gill , 1866 ) , and Pacific harbor seal , Phoca vitulina richardii ( Gray , 1864 ) , from the eastern central Pacific , central California coast , were examined for parasites .
Persistent organic pollutants in Alaskan ringed seal ( Phoca hispida ) and walrus ( Odobenus rosmarus ) blubber .
A hermetic seal of the root canal space following canal preparation is important in endodontics .
This activity can seal nicks in duplex DNA or join double-stranded DNA fragments having either blunt or cohesive ends .
Seal A was a conventional seal without a shield .
The need to achieve a tight , permanent coronal seal as soon as possible after the completion of endodontic treatment is obvious .
Seroprevalence of Toxoplasma gondii in North-eastern Atlantic harbor seal ( Phoca vitulina vitulina ) and grey seal ( Halichoerus grypus ) .
Among these , the septate junctions are thought to seal the neighboring cells and thus to function as the paracellular barriers .
Although EndoREZ exhibited an acceptable apical seal , its coronal seal may be improved with the use of a dual-cured self-etch adhesive .
The dogs were then randomized into the control group ( n = 14 ; no attempt to seal the leaks ) or into the fibrin glue-treated group ( n = 11 ) .
Fibrin seal application .
The system functioned well and provided data to indicate that , after margination , the two posterior composite resin restorative materials performed equally and both performed better than the glass-ionomer filling material ; none of the materials provided a perfect seal immediately after insertion , although some restorations demonstrated perfect seals from 16 hours to 28 days after placement ; the seal of the glass-ionomer material improved after 28 days of storage in buffer solution ; each successive step in the respective composite resin procedures improved the seal except in one case for the microfilled resin .
Tricellular junctions tightly seal epithelia at the corners of three cells .
A double seal over root canal filling has been suggested as a means of improving the coronal seal .
