Internet use by dermatology outpatients to search for health information .
A significant proportion of patients use the Internet to search for medical information .
PCR and sequencing were used to search for beta-lactamase and 16S RNA methylase genes .
The model was then used as query to search 3D databases of peptides .
Post-coital urine was examined to search spermatozoa .
To search susceptibility genetic markers of CJD in members of families affected by CJD .
Preschoolers search for hidden objects .
MEDLINE , EMBASE , Cochrane Library search from 1990 to 2010 .
Faster exact maximum parsimony search with XMP .
Non-systematic search in PubMed and congress abstracts .
How to search for and use ' grey literature ' in research .
Information asymmetry and search in the market for physicians ' services .
In response to wilderness search strategy and tactics , by Phillips et Al .
The MEDLINE database was used to search literature from 1966 to 2006 .
We identified twenty-three diagnostic test accuracy search filters for use with medline .
Teaching clinicians to search MEDLINE : description and evaluation of a short course .
Section level search functionality in Europe PMC .
From the camp pathway to search the ketamine - related learning and memory .
How sperm search for and find an egg remains enigmatic .
As human observers , radiologists must search for , detect , and interpret targets .
Can Brazilian health researchers search for and use updated scientific information ?
Systematic methods will be used to search existing literature and screen studies for inclusion .
Specific analyses were conducted to search fipronil and metabolites and also imidacloprid and metabolites .
It offers web interface to submit and search data in the database .
These barriers include inadequate skills to search , evaluate and use the information .
Does the college have the authority to search and seize your patient files ?
To search or not to search .
Medline and Embase search .
Rigid substructure search .
Star search .
