The MSC-derived DA cells express DA-specific markers , synthesize , and secrete dopamine .
Keratinocytes represent 95 % of epidermal cells and can secrete several cytokines .
Treg from males express increased CTLA-4 and CD62L and preferentially secrete IL-10 .
This clinical course suggested that HCC can ectopically secrete iPTH .
Theca cells also secrete BMPs and FGFs .
Lipopolysaccharide-stimulated leukocytes secrete proinflammatory cytokines including tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interleukin-12 .
Astrocytes secrete atRA into their medium ; neurons sequester atRA .
The different staining patterns suggested that the two glands secrete statherin through different pathways .
In addition , many bacteria secrete specific low molecular weight iron chelators termed siderophores .
Plants are known to secrete a variety of compounds into the rhizosphere .
Large parathyroid adenomas seem to secrete less PTH per unit weight than small adenomas .
After feeding R-848 only CD172ahigh iL-DC secrete IL-6 and IL-12p40 .
HSCs produce and secrete Ln-5 in the CM ( conditioned medium ) .
Malignant gliomas are typically angiogenic and secrete high levels of VEGF .
Certain members of the fluorescent pseudomonads produce and secrete phenazines .
It is known that MSCs can secrete multiple soluble factors and suppress inflammation .
However , these cells secrete proinflammatory cytokines and mitogens and promote atherosclerosis .
They do not secrete IL-1 nor stimulate secretion of IL-2 by T cells .
Neonatal ventricular cells secrete ANF rapidly after synthesis and lack secretory granules .
Myofibroblasts secrete matrix during chronic injury , and their ablation ameliorates fibrosis .
In senescence , age-associated B cells secrete TNFalpha and inhibit survival of B-cell precursors .
Endothelial cells may also secrete several complement components which contribute to the circulating pool .
First , the growing oocytes of preantral follicles do not secrete active CEEFs .
Activated human lymphocytes secrete a soluble factor that aggregates leukocytes .
They maintained round and could secrete extracellular matrix on the porous scaffold .
All sebaceous glands are similar in structure and secrete sebum by a holocrine process .
Retinal pigment epithelial cells produce PDGF-like proteins and secrete them into their media .
These osteoblasts secrete and mineralize a matrix during a period of 3-4 weeks .
They secrete and remodel extracellular matrix and they produce active compounds such as erythropoietin .
Fetal lung fibroblasts secrete and respond to insulin-like growth factors .
