Microbial community structures in anoxic freshwater lake sediment along a metal contamination gradient .
Bioavailability of hydrophobic organic contaminants in sediment with different particle-size distributions .
Tidal salt marsh sediment in California , USA .
Assessment and characterization of heavy metal resistance in Palk Bay sediment bacteria .
Construction and operation of freshwater sediment microbial fuel cell for electricity generation .
Concentrations of MCs in sediments ranged from 0.003 to 0.380 microg/g sediment d.m.
Amyloplasts sediment upon this complex of ER .
The precursor was found to sediment quantitatively together with insoluble cell material .
The mononucleomers in the sucrose density gradient with MgCl2 sediment as 45-S particles .
Dynamics of physical and microbial characteristics of stormwater sediment .
Characterization of the bacterial community structure of Sydney Tar Ponds sediment .
Chemical composition of clarified bayberry ( Myrica rubra Sieb. et Zucc. ) juice sediment .
Field methods for amending marine sediment with activated carbon and assessing treatment effectiveness .
Habitat conditions and correlations of sediment quality triad indicators in Delaware Bay .
Cytotoxicity of TiO2 nanoparticles towards freshwater sediment microorganisms at low exposure concentrations .
Urine sediment cytology in the management of renal allograft recipients .
Calcium peroxide is applied to sediment remediation .
Benthos investigations : sediment boxes or natural bottom ?
Chemical lake restoration products : sediment stability and phosphorus dynamics .
Effects of algal turfs and sediment on coral settlement .
Status of trace elements in paddy soil and sediment in Taihu Lake region .
They did not sediment but were randomly distributed in the statocytes .
Lawrence River sediment and destroy 95 % of the PCBs recovered in the condensate .
Lac Dufault sediment core trace metal distribution , bioavailability and toxicity to Hyalella azteca .
Cross-shelf sediment transport by an anticyclonic eddy off northern california .
Comparative floc-bed sediment trace element partitioning across variably contaminated aquatic ecosystems .
