Antioxidant potential of Coriandrum sativum L. seed extract .
Estrogenic activities of Psoralea corylifolia L. seed extracts and main constituents .
Conservation. Restoration seed banks--a matter of scale .
Antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipidemic effect of Rumex patientia seed preparation in streptozotocin - diabetic rats .
Ameliorative effects of Eriobotrya japonica seed extract on cellular aging in cultured rat fibroblasts .
Hypoglycaemic effect of Artemisia sphaerocephala Krasch seed polysaccharide in alloxan - induced diabetic rats .
Gliadin electrophoregrams were prepared from bulk samples of R2 seed from these 32 plants .
Plants set seed at appropriate seasons .
Gastrointestinal : germinating rambutan seed in the esophagus .
Dynamic QTL analysis of linolenic acid content in different developmental stages of soybean seed .
Sunflower seed mimicking complicated hydatid cyst .
Extraction of recombinant dog gastric lipase from transgenic corn seed .
Chemically synthesized silver nanoparticles have been used to seed the flow in the microchannel .
Diffractive optical elements divide the master-oscillator beam to seed multiple arrays of SCOWAs .
( fennel ) seed extracts .
The germinating seed of Arab genomics .
Preliminary screening of Trachyspermum ammi ( L. ) seed for anthelmintic activity in sheep .
Characterization of the susceptibility artifact around a prostate brachytherapy seed in MRI .
Promoter-trap identification of wheat seed extract-induced genes in the plant-growth-promoting rhizobacterium Azospirillum brasilense Sp245 .
( dharek ) seed extract in female albino rats .
The selected mature thymocytes then go on to seed the periphery .
Moreover , we observed sequence variants and seed edits of the miRNAs .
Selective interactions between short-distance pollen and seed dispersal in self-compatible species .
Moreover , we observed sequence variants and seed edits of the miRNAs .
Pantoea allii sp. nov. , isolated from onion plants and seed .
This fungus resisted in vitro and in vivo cultivation and is seed transmitted .
Sucrose remained the dominant soluble sugar in the pod wall and seed .
In vitro antioxidant activity of flower , seed and leaves of Alcea hyrcana Grossh .
We have previously shown that bone marrow will seed and proliferate in normal recipients .
So attention to seed and try to increase its performance is so important .
