Women may seek to prolong their reproductive span for a variety of reasons .
Influenza vaccine makers seek ways to speed production , boost effectiveness .
Physical therapy educators seek teaching methodologies to efficiently educate students .
To seek the effective treatment for age-related macular degeneration ( AMD ) .
Not much is known on those who do not seek care .
Abdominal pain is one of the most common reasons pediatric patients seek emergency care .
An increasing number of patients seek minimal invasive procedures .
Most gravid women do not seek dental care .
Transverse maxillary deficiency is frequently observed in patients who seek orthodontic treatment .
As sleep quality worsens into insomnia , individuals may seek assistance from medication .
What do older adults seek in their potential romantic partners ?
In a chance encounter , we sometimes seek some hidden meaning .
To seek consciousness regaining methods at early stage for coma patients in neurosurgery .
Eighty-six percent GPs seek a specialist opinion for approximately one in four patients seen .
Each year , millions of patients seek treatment from their healthcare provider .
Patients seek for self-diagnosis before attending the consultation .
The patient package insert that accompanies the sponge encourages women to seek such assistance .
Through this study we seek to understand these disparities .
Hide and seek .. .
Women with PCOS have widely varying phenotypes and seek medical care for differing reasons .
Not only did he seek excellent training , he got and gave good mentoring .
This may influence how patients seek medical attention and their concerns at consultation .
Society is changing rapidly , and hospital pharmacy must seek innovative responses .
Hospitals seek savings but have to consider quality , service and staff issues .
Elderly patients tend to seek later for medical help during myocardial infarction .
Environmentalists seek to set research agenda on indoor air pollution .
To seek for new components as BACE inhibitors from Aloe arborescens .
Clinicians should strive to prevent extravasation or seek to minimize injury should it occur .
Plan defeated , but pharmacists still seek ability to prescribe .
Most survivors do not seek or receive mental health care .
