During solvent annealing , particles segregate to both polymer/substrate and air/polymer interfaces .
Mg and Cu segregate strongly to the grain boundaries .
These mutations segregate as autosomal dominant traits with high penetrance ( 90 % ) .
The translocation chromosome in the heterozygous state was found to segregate evenly during meiosis .
Furthermore , IVD12-reactivity was shown to segregate with HLA in three informative families .
Phylogenetically , the identified GmTsps segregate into three major clusters .
The par genes help to segregate many plasmids and chromosomes .
The cell biology of secondary endosymbiosis--how parasites build , divide and segregate the apicoplast .
Capsular , periprostatic and extra-organ features helped to segregate carcinomas from benign diseases .
Attention-driven auditory cortex short-term plasticity helps segregate relevant sounds from noise .
SDRFs segregate 1:1 ( presence : absence ) in gametes of heterozygous plants .
Eukaryotic cells utilize a microtubular spindle to segregate chromosomes during mitosis .
The correlated dimensions segregate in families and were found to be heritable .
Heterophile antibodies segregate in families and are associated with protection from type 1 diabetes .
These genes did not segregate with the disease and were thus excluded .
Centromere-like loci from bacteria segregate plasmids to progeny cells before cell division .
Synopsis of Nekemias Raf . , a segregate genus from Ampelopsis Michx .
Monoclonal antibodies with neutralizing activity segregate isolates of bovine viral diarrhea virus into groups .
Drosophila male germline stem cells do not asymmetrically segregate chromosome strands .
Cluster and dendrogram analyses could segregate garlic grown at different locations .
Escherichia coli topoisomerase I can segregate replicating pBR322 daughter DNA molecules in vitro .
Specifically , there is no tendency for grazers and grass to segregate .
The Lpr genes segregate independently of the Lpb5 and Lpu1 alleles .
Human tumor cells segregate into radiosensitivity groups that associate with ATM and TP53 status .
White sharks are highly migratory and segregate by sex , age and size .
In Drosophila males , homologs pair and segregate without crossing over .
In Drosophila males , homologs pair and segregate without recombining or forming chiasmata .
Lgr5 intestinal stem cells have high telomerase activity and randomly segregate their chromosomes .
The F-genotes are unstable and segregate chromosomal markers at high frequencies .
P1 bof double lysogens are unstable and segregate one or the other prophage .
