It is important to select the method that best fits the patient 's situation .
We used random cluster sampling to select 27 villages in Yunnan province , China .
Certain factors are used to select patients in high-risk for relapse .
Seven radiologists were educated on evidence-based criteria used to select nodules for biopsy .
Hence , FGFR3 mutation analysis is not suitable to select patients for conservative management .
Molecular tumor signatures may help better select patients for treatment in the future .
How does the genetic assassin select its neuronal target ?
Delivery of biologics to select organelles--the role of biologically active polymers .
Combined with hedonic data , these results should help breeders to select banana hybrids .
We discuss how to make accurate diagnosis and select appropriate treatment .
Ethnography was used to select foods and assess acceptability factors .
Criteria to select appropriate turn and strand residues and to avoid aggregation are provided .
Freezing treatment or isolation method appeared not to select for a particular genotype .
In addition , AITDs appeared to select for specific TCR Vbeta families .
Dansyl lysine has previously been shown to select for cholesterol - free membrane domains .
Ectomycorrhizal roots select distinctive bacterial and ascomycete communities in Swedish subarctic forests .
A primer on how to select osteopathic applicants to an allopathic general surgery residency .
They also differ in how often they select the best strategy on each problem .
High temperature and bacteriophages can indirectly select for bacterial pathogenicity in environmental reservoirs .
Lectins as tools to select for glycosylated proteins .
Recent work indicates that partner choice can select for high levels of helping .
CHROMagar O26 / O157 agar plates were used to select and isolate EHEC .
Novel methods to select and characterise target-specific probiotic strains are thus needed .
Expertise is required to select and coordinate the appropriate combinations .
Then , we select one of the proposed methods and analyze it further .
Such an association enables bacteria to select virulence factors and survive in adverse conditions .
The brain must select one speech stream and ignore distracting streams .
Humans spontaneously select a step frequency that minimizes the energy expenditure of walking .
They can select , highlight and view detailed information from specific alignments and annotations .
VCUHS and MCV physicians select PatientKeeper to enhance doctor mobility .
