The majority of surgeons send small fragments of tissue from the surgical defect cavity .
This indicates that virtually all SPN neurons send their axons into the pelvic nerve .
Second , God may send sickness as a punishment for the sufferer 's sins .
Nurses were also requested to send ADR reports to the Italian Pharmacovigilance System .
Union disputes plan to send ailing workers to India for cheaper medical care .
Physicians were asked to send their samples to a laboratory for genotyping .
She wanted to send the whole artefact off secretly but obviously did not succeed .
. . . and do n't send her back !
These neurons innervate the central body neuropil and send processes into the central neuropil .
Full member registries send individual records of all congenital anomalies covered by their region .
About 10 % of DCs never send follow-up clinical information to referring doctors .
Federal antitrust agencies send mixed signals to PPOs .
Then they turn caudally and send branches laterally .
Palpitations and dizziness in a 64-year-old man : reassure and send him home .
( 2 ) E-messaging made it easy to be proactive and send information .
Participants were asked to give anonymous information and send it back per mail .
These tend to send off waves not only in the normal direction of propagation .
Both MPNs are located in the esophageal nerve and send processes to the STG .
Sixty percent of them where send by a physician after failure of medical treatment .
Four kinds of carelessness that can send you to court .
In all cases sample was send to histological examination .
These brainstem regions send inhibitory projections to the spine and produce diffuse analgesic responses .
Such policies send a powerful message , but are the underlying assumptions defensible ?
Please send your comments and critique to : kqinc @ aol.com
Guineaworm : send in the fish .
All 31 Norwegian hospital trusts were asked to send in such guidelines .
The decision to send to hospital was taken at this point .
