Photoactive ruthenium nitrosyls as NO donors : how to sensitize them toward visible light .
Our findings suggest a strategy to sensitize breast cancer cells to capecitabine treatment .
In conclusion , pretreatment with MSeC was essential to markedly sensitize cells to docetaxel .
Therefore , restoring mutant p53 by ellipticine may sensitize these cells to chemotherapy .
DNA repair defects sensitize cells to anticodon nuclease yeast killer toxins .
Expert testimony regarding child witnesses : does it sensitize jurors to forensic interview quality ?
However , immediate shock seems to sensitize subsequent context conditioning ( Experiment 3 ) .
Twenty patient or donor antibodies were used to sensitize red cells in vitro .
Radiolabelled HLA antibodies were used to sensitize peripheral blood lymphocytes .
Silver nanocrystals sensitize magnetic-nanoparticle-mediated thermo-induced killing of cancer cells .
Troglitazone may sensitize the effect of epirubicin on breast cancer cells .
Repeated exposure to opioids may sensitize neuronal systems involved in stress response .
Directly targeting CRYAB can sensitize tumour cells to chemotherapeutic agents and decrease tumour aggressiveness .
These activities sensitize cells to cisplatin and contribute to its cytotoxic properties .
Bisphenol A did not sensitize the animals at all but epichlorhydrin sensitized 60 % .
Agents that are safe and can sensitize cancer to chemotherapy are urgently needed .
PGs are known to sensitize nociceptors and produce hyperalgesia .
Pharmacological agents that are safe and can sensitize the lung cancer are urgently required .
Community-based diabetes screening programs can help sensitize the population and identify new cases .
Repeated exposures to stress sensitize motor and addictive effects of drugs of abuse .
The inhaled fungi sensitize susceptible patients intratracheally and induce the disease .
Chronic inflammatory diseases can locally sensitize nerve endings and thereby contribute to itch .
5-Aza-2'-deoxycytidine and IFN-gamma cooperate to sensitize for TRAIL - induced apoptosis by upregulating caspase-8 .
Thy-1 dendritic epidermal cells failed to sensitize by any route in the doses employed .
Failure to sensitize in D1R KO was not because of excessive stereotypies .
BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations sensitize to chemotherapy in patient-derived pancreatic cancer xenografts .
Various infections sensitize to lethal shock by promoting hyperactivation of macrophages to LPS stimulation .
Four different interleukin-1 species sensitize to the lethal action of tumour necrosis factor .
