LaPO4 nanoparticles doped with actinium-225 that partially sequester daughter radionuclides .
It is hypothesized that plastids are able to sequester chloroplasts and other plastids .
A stochastic model of nonenzymatic nucleic acid replication : " elongators " sequester replicators .
Extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli ( ExPEC ) use siderophores to sequester iron during infection .
Specialized eukaryotic cells can ingest large particles and sequester them within membrane-delimited phagosomes .
In the presence of ATP hepatic microsomes sequester calcium .
Astrocytes secrete atRA into their medium ; neurons sequester atRA .
Pond algae sequester strontium-90 .
Other sRNAs sequester RNA-binding proteins that act as translational repressors .
The larvae sequester glucosinolates in their haemolymph .
During inflammation , proinflammatory macrophages sequester iron as a well known bacteriostatic mechanism .
Mn oxides sequester heavy metals in the environment .
Mitigation strategies include options to sequester carbon and reduce overall greenhouse gas emissions .
Similarly , in wild-type pistils , compatible pollen tubes degrade HT-B and sequester S-RNase .
These seemed to merge and thereby sequester the areas .
Expansion of first-in-class drug candidates that sequester toxic all-trans-retinal and prevent light-induced retinal degeneration .
We show that passive sites can sequester Dicer and reduce microRNA expression .
HSPGs sequester BMP2 at the cell surface and mediate BMP2 internalization .
The particles function to sequester and detoxify intracellular cadmium ions .
Phytoremediation is the use of plants to extract , sequester , and/or detoxify pollutants .
As a consequence , miRNA decoys are able to sequester and inactivate miRNA function .
Heparan sulfate also binds to APP and may sequester it away from beta secretase .
Ephrin-A5 suppressed BDNF - induced ERK activity and might sequester P-ERK in the cytoplasm .
Metals that are not eliminated sequester in the brain .
Impact of sequester of funds on NCI 's 1990 budget .
Request would let science rebound from sequester .
Both proteins sequester iron , but by different mechanisms .
Pressure-immobilization bandages sequester venom in extremities and are recommended for snakebites without local toxicity .
FoxOs , on the other hand , sequester beta-catenin and inhibit osteoprogenitor proliferation .
