These findings may serve as a springboard for future large-scale studies .
This blueshift can serve as an indicator of ionization processes in CARS-based neuroimaging .
CXCL5 could serve as an additional biomarker for hepatic necroinflammation and fibrosis .
The contralateral shoulders received saline to serve as paired controls .
Yet commemorations also serve as moments of critical reflection .
Carboxypeptidases may serve as tools for removal of C - terminal affinity tags .
This model may serve to explore the application of anabolic strategies in peri-implant osteogenesis .
Just thinking about exercise makes me serve more food .
These alleles serve as sensitized genetic backgrounds that have reduced V-ATPase enzyme activity .
Feral house mice and voles also were infected and may serve as secondary hosts .
The hydrogels were well tolerated and might well serve as good tissue equivalents .
Willebrand factor appears to coat surfaces and to serve as a platelet attachment protein .
The segmentation can serve as a guideline and prevent confusion with pathological tissue .
Above all , it must serve and benefit community .
They serve as reservoirs and vectors pathogens and cause direct skin damage by feeding .
Most were recruited through programs that serve low-income women .
The love bag program can serve extended purposes .
The effect of financial incentives on hospitals that serve poor patients .
Preparing dietetics practitioners to effectively serve the Hispanic population .
Cephalic capability is reflected by anticipatory behaviors to serve systemic physiological regulation .
Pharmacological interventions might alter HSP20 expressions and thus serve a protective effect .
The air layer on these surfaces can serve the insects as a physical gill .
Spiritual coping , in particular , may serve a unique role in promoting SWL .
Residual oxygen may serve other purposes , such as respiration .
To serve and not to count the cost : the challenge and the charge .
Both are anxiety-related , and may serve to amplify withdrawal symptoms .
Variety of programs show how hospitals market to serve and compete .
We need to serve our apprenticeship before we master our profession .
Handoffs serve a critical function in ensuring patient care continuity during transitions of care .
The manipulators are designed to serve undergraduate teaching exercises in physiology .
