Statistical significance was set to 5 % .
Prospective , controlled study set at a tertiary medical center .
Humanitarian corridor set up in Egypt as Libyan casualties escalate .
A focus is set on the methods that enable the exclusion of disturbing sequences .
Genzyme deal set to alter biotech landscape .
This study set out to achieve this objective using a prospective observational design .
Simian-human immunodeficiency infection--is the course set in the acute phase ?
Sequential analysis suggests threats set up basic response options of compliance or defiance .
The fused angle-polished side-pumping coupler is applied to set up the all-fiber configuration .
These results set the standards for a rectum-sparing strategy .
The Turkish version of the MHQ met set criteria of reliability and validity .
Most studies set the period of immobilization between 4 and 8 weeks .
Separation voltage was -6 kV and the temperature was set at 20degreesC .
Data loggers set in the cages and outside found a <2 degreesC temperature difference .
The epoch was set at 15 s and reintegrated to 30 and 60 s .
Diagnoses were set according to the Structured Clinical Interview ( SCID-1 ) for DSM-IV .
Moral concepts set decision strategies to abstract values .
The alpha level was set a priori at 0.05 .
Porcine heart grafts valves were used to set the techniques .
At risk : the safety agency that failed to set the world on fire .
To set up a new analysis method of the traditional Chinese medicine Scorpio .
The model was set up , parameterized and tested for uptake into growing crops .
Doublet members set close or far apart promoted local or global motion respectively .
The differential proteins were analyzed and the initial diagnostic models were set up .
Monotherapy was somewhat less effective and set on later .
The towelling is then rolled and set on the surface of cyst-infested soil .
Casts were changed weekly and set at maximum available ankle dorsiflexion .
Ulcer classification is essential , to set treatment strategy and determine prognosis .
All the transformants should be morphologically normal and set seeds .
All of these plants were phenotypically normal , fertile and set seeds .
