This article is a call for those who design social work courses to recognize the complexity and richness of aged care social work in health care and to social workers to shake off ageist attitudes and consider working with older people as a positive option in this rapidly expanding area of social work practice .
The authors outline several steps that individuals can take to shake off fear and paralysis , including looking at past negative experiences from somebody else 's point of view and seeking out safe ways to allow themselves to become vulnerable .
The recent debate on the presence in food of acrylamide , a possible human carcinogen , is likely to shake up the traditional paradigm held by regulatory agencies on chemical health risks .
Side-effects , especially those severe or those manifested through dramatic clinical presentations such as panic attacks , make the treatment far more difficult and shake patients ' trust in both the treatment and the treating physician .
Rats in stress group were stressed everyday by one of the seven stressors including cold exposure , foot shock , white noise , restraint , tail hung up , sleep deprivation , and level shake , and then the ability of learning and memory was determined by Morris water maze test .
In a headphones test , participants were required to listen to music and to either nod or shake their heads .
Poll : do you give internal customers a fair shake ?
At the same time they shake the opinion of relative diagnostic specificity of the test because several similar abnormalities were found in patients with endogenous depression .
Tradimus. Nursing class heroes : shake some action .
Essential tremor--not just a shake .
Early in the swing phase , when the flexor muscles were still active ( F phase ) , the paw shake was initiated by an early onset of knee extensor activity , which preceded extensor activity at the hip and ankle .
Further , hip motion was variable when the paw shake was combined with swing , and sometimes the hip failed to oscillate and its trajectory was similar to that of an unperturbed swing phase .
The patient , a Catholic priest , could only communicate through a squeeze of the hand or a shake of the head .
Comparison of the isopropanol precipitation test with the mechanical shake and heat denaturation tests reveals that the mechanical shake test is the easiest method to study the stability of Hbs A and S. Each of the tests may measure different parameters of stability .
It is suggested that central catecholaminergic , in particular , noradrenergic system is involved in TRH - induced body shake and struggle in 6-OHDOPA - treated , infant rats .
A gentle touch to infant pig ears elicited a head shake of several revolutions .
As far as the quantitative detection is involved , it is however necessary to shake the chloroform phase in the presence of 1 mol L ( -1 ) NaClO ( 4 ) aqueous solution because of the fast adsorption of the ion pair on the walls of the glass cell .
Future research should focus on physicians ' time allocation since the topic will remain relevant as the European Union 's ( EU 's ) Working Time Directive continues to shake the European healthcare systems with traditions for long workdays .
Spider monkeys shake their heads so as to facilitate amicable social contact .
[GEZ will shake physicians , too -- protest action runs already. From January on one more radio charge ! ] .
Generics , private-labels may shake stagnant cephalosporin prices .
Most also shake up the power structure so that people who are closest to customers have the authority to act on their behalf .
Health hackers and citizen scientists shake up medical research .
The highly political opinions of two federal district judges - carefully chosen by challenging plaintiffs - of no particular distinction did not shake that confidence that the act was constitutional .
Administration of L-5-hydroxytryptophan ( 7.5-12.5 mg/kg ) to rats 30 min following pretreatment with pargyline induced wet-dog shakes which included head shake and whole body shake .
Additionally , and in contrast to control rats , methadone - exposed animals at most ages displayed head shake and wet-dog shake behaviors .
Intrathecal or intraperitoneal pretreatment with prazosin ( 0.5 microgram and 1 or 2 mg/kg , respectively ) attenuated both the wet-dog shake and forepaw-licking behaviours normally produced by the thyrotrophin-releasing hormone peptides .
Patients stating that they always wash their hands increased significantly from 64 % ( 13 participants ) to 92 % ( 23 participants ) ( P=0.029 ) , and those who always shake the bottle improved from 40 % ( 10 ) to 84 % ( 21 ) ( P=0.001 ) .
( Am J Epidemiol. 2012 ; 175 ( 7 ) : 609-619 ) shake this belief by presenting prospective associations between high decision authority at work and increased all-cause , cardiovascular , and alcohol - related mortality among Finnish forest company employees followed through 2005 .
The amniotic fluid shake test , L/S ratio and lecithin concentration in the evaluation of lung maturity .
