Both diffraction peaks shift to lower values of q for increasing temperature .
Carbonyl absorptions shift in proportion to the empirical softness of the corresponding neutrals .
Temporal course of position shift for a peripheral target .
Public health professionals may need to be more media savvy to shift this focus .
It is possible to shift the equilibrium toward either conformation with selected sequence substitutions .
Saccade and smooth pursuit are the eye movements used by primates to shift gaze .
Removal of olefinic fat chemical shift artifact in diffusion MRI .
Response shift effect on gastrointestinal quality of life index after laparoscopic cholecystectomy .
Contracts shift the risk .
To shift images across the retina .
All participants had the ability to shift focus from BA to the outside world .
How can the educational process be tailored to shift learning into longer-term memory ?
Raman spectra were observed to shift to higher frequencies with decreasing numbers of atoms .
Recency-to-primacy shift in cue competition .
In this study , the COR was observed to shift linearly with zoom factor .
Listeners systematically shift judgments of voice quality in response to auditory anchors .
Voluntary doctors did not shift medication ordering to employed staff .
Molecular shift register and its utilization as an autonomous DNA synthesizer .
Cd2+ significantly reduces the tension amplitude but does not shift the tension-log K+ relationship .
Experiment 3 tested ability to disengage and shift attention to objects .
The flipped classroom idea is proposed to shift our expenditure and focus in education .
Immunosuppressant calcineurin inhibitors phase shift circadian rhythms and inhibit circadian responses to light .
Unilaterality prevailed over bilaterality ; but unilateral pain might shift side .
Ocular light exposure can phase shift circadian rhythms and suppress nocturnal melatonin production .
They shift earlier to oral feeding and their discharge was earlier .
Compliance interventions make a difference , but focus should shift to patient outcomes .
Both the patches shift towards the ventral side and fuse into a germ primordium .
3D visualization of subdural electrode shift as measured at craniotomy reopening .
Calf supports on Hill-Rom Affinity Three birthing beds may shift unexpectedly .
The effect of buflomedilhydrochloride ( Loftyl ) on temporary hearing threshold shift .
