Our findings show that the rs8192284 polymorphism is operative in patients with RA .
Furthermore , our data show that ROSC can be combined with anti-estrogen therapy .
Several studies show that high-technology AAC can be used to support off-line communication .
The PET-scan did not show any abnormal fixation .
The butanol fractions , however , did not show antitumorigenic activity .
Men did not show any significant brain volume alterations .
The TGF-beta3 group did not show any differences compared to the paired control shoulders .
In the absence of SPARC , mice show enhanced DIO .
Patients without evident tumor mass did not show further recurrence after re-excision .
In summary , we show that quercetin supports AhR mediated effects .
The less affected hand did not show such anticipation .
We show by theory and simulation that the method is unbiased .
The motion area loss was firstly adopted to show statistically significance with RTW outcomes .
Other telencephalic nuclei that were measured did not show any sex difference in size .
Almost all of these trials failed to show superiority of stenting to CEA .
Autopsy did not show signs of subarachnoid hemorrhage , but revealed extensive cerebral edema .
Molecular analysis of GHSR did not show any mutations , but showed some polymorphisms .
Analysts show higher value , but Community still determined to complete deal .
Mice lacking Ran binding protein 1 are viable and show male infertility .
The molecules are not strictly planar and show distortion of the annulene moieties .
The protein - TiO2 composites are similar to nanocrystalline anatase and show photocatalytic activity .
We show how mixing advection affects the processes of reaction-diffusion and discuss mixing-induced instabilities .
Heterozygotes show also elevated radiosensitivity and have an increased cancer risk in adult age .
We also show and discuss typical results and their interpretation .
Patients of group 1 tended to show up with infection requiring urgent surgery .
The pentaalkynylpyridines show promising fluorescence properties because of their high quantum yields .
In contrast , Au-NP did not show any indication of toxicity .
These hybrids show high activity as base catalysts and can be recycled .
Attitudes toward lesbians generally show a similar pattern , but to a weaker extent .
Previous studies show promising results with regard to survival and clinical outcome .
