During spring sexual production , colonies shrink because worker production falls below replacement .
Meningiomas shrink significantly after SRT .
Older brains shrink less during the histological treatment than younger ones .
Efforts are being made to shrink the health care system .
Corticosteroids and radiation therapy have been reported to shrink hemangiomas .
TCDD appeared to shrink the pituitary gland in both strains by day 4 .
Bacterial cells shrink considerably before plasmolysis occurs in hyperosmotic media .
The need for hospital beds will shrink .
Ophthalmologists ' earnings shrink .
Isolated hyperechoic lesions were significantly more likely to shrink in utero .
The central summation area of the receptive field was found to shrink with light-adaptation .
Nevertheless , the wavelength-tunable range was found to shrink with increasing pump power .
As the temperature increases , the microgels shrink , and the diols are released .
Mitochondria shrink and translocate toward the nucleus .
However , such treatments caused the skin to shrink and change colour .
Embolized kidneys shrink after the procedure and the functional parenchyma is extinguished .
Flaps did not shrink after the operations , and contractures did not recur .
We conclude that hepatocytes shrink during hyperosmotic stress , and the aKi increases .
These axons swell during the day and shrink during the night .
It gradually involutes with age and may acutely shrink during periods of bodily stress .
They swell at low pH and shrink at high pH .
When neurons swell and shrink they extensively reorganize their plasma membrane .
Preoperative chemotherapy is frequently given to shrink or decrease the chance of metastasis .
To shrink or not to shrink .
Interferon can shrink lymphoid tumors , particularly non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma .
Flying doctors shrink the outback .
Distance-near disparity esotropia : can we shrink the gap ?
The aim is to shrink the tumor and not just to control it .
How to stretch and shrink vowel systems : results from a vowel normalization procedure .
