We also introduce a spin transformation to simplify treatment of spin polarized problems .
This work was targeted to simplify lignin quantification .
This instrument has the potential to simplify the current ROP screening procedure .
A combination of five baseline biomarkers could simplify the baseline prediction of SVR .
This implementation will simplify the detection side considerably .
It predicts that individuals simplify the models of instances of concepts .
This approach is versatile and will simplify the production of such materials .
Standardized templates were developed to simplify documentation and optimize billing of critical care .
The transducers use a row-column addressing scheme to simplify the fabrication process and beamformer .
The new rules simplify the staging but increase the time of electrodes application .
New multivalent vaccines simplify childhood immunisation schedules and can increase vaccination coverage .
Resulting aspects may simplify therapy in special cases and permit a more reliable prognosis .
Few ethics committees have embraced attempts to simplify the application process for multi-centre trials .
This easy-to-use method has the potential to simplify screening during the first trimester .
By limiting the area of origin of fluorescence signal CMXRF can simplify quantitative approaches .
Decision makers often simplify decision problems by ignoring readily available information .
In comparison , utilizing functional biomarker melanin can greatly simplify the building process .
Dosing QM may simplify anaemia management for patients and health-care providers .
Ideologies simplify and fudge issues .
The evolutionary approach has the potential to drastically simplify and accelerate small-molecule discovery .
A didactically written chart will be presented to simplify and allow early diagnosis .
Design strategies to simplify and miniaturize imaging systems .
Helping patients simplify and safely use complex prescription regimens .
Prefabricated post systems in many instances can simplify and expedite restorative dentistry .
