The tail-suspension ( SUS ) rat model was used to simulate weightlessness .
Fluorescent microspheres were released into the AIIR to simulate infectious droplet nuclei .
We designed a bioreactor to simulate the mechanical properties of bladder .
Monte Carlo techniques were used to simulate track segments of protons in water .
ATP solutions were used to simulate input signals for investigating the muCBB .
We apply this integrated model to simulate exercise-induced angiogenesis in skeletal muscle .
This bioreactor can effectively simulate the physiological and mechanical properties of the bladder .
A new model to simulate the elastic properties of mineralized collagen fibril .
Design and construction of a brain phantom to simulate neonatal MR images .
Test fields were designed to simulate errors and gave similar results .
Here , we describe a deterministic numerical model to simulate puffs and trigger events .
The metaphyses flare and simulate rickets .
We also simulate cuts through the image volume positioned at all possible section positions .
We simulate the growth of networks from day 1 to day 21 .
Models using cigarette smoke inhalation might more accurately simulate nicotine exposure in smokers .
Cytomorphologically , histiocytes displaying phagocytosis can simulate tumor cells and need to be distinguished .
Realistic manikins simulate patients and help teach healthcare safely .
VR simulators simulate the surgical environment and assess psychomotor skills according to predefined parameters .
Concurrently , the calculations used to simulate and interpret spectra have made major advances .
The beam propagation method is used to simulate and analyze the device .
Using DTSA-II to simulate and interpret energy dispersive spectra from particles .
At cystoscopy and on microscopic examination nephrogenic adenoma may simulate a neoplasm .
It can cause reactive synovitis and simulate arthritis without periostitis .
As both factors are hard to simulate on Earth , present knowledge remains limited .
Is it possible to simulate in the laboratory the situations one normally encounters ?
The texture of active foods was more difficult to simulate in the placebo food .
