Experience with the ' skew flap ' below-knee amputation .
Alternating skew on lateral gaze .
Seven children had alternating skew on lateral gaze .
These females also had the greatest levels of skew in fertilization success of males .
A simple log transformation was used to handle large and skew AT burden distributions .
Estimating incremental costs with skew : a cautionary note .
The past , present and future of reproductive skew theory and experiments .
Periodic alternating skew deviation .
Some reagents can skew the equilibrium of assembly and disassembly toward formation of polymer .
The results showed that the distribution are unimodal , asymmetric , and positively skew .
LMS parameters ( skew , median , and standard deviation ) were calculated .
Also , both model and real VN neurons exhibit rectification and skew .
Glioma cell-derived factors subsequently skew these cells towards an immunosuppressive , tumour-promoting phenotype .
The skew ray ambiguity in the analysis of videokeratoscopic data .
Exonic splicing regulatory elements skew synonymous codon usage near intron-exon boundaries in mammals .
Insertion and deletion biases were shown to skew allelic distributions in both directions .
Diplopia due to skew deviation following neurotologic procedures .
Furthermore , PIM-Inh could skew T cell differentiation towards a Treg phenotype .
Reproducibility of skew and kurtosis were not studied in the normal subjects .
Randomization analysis of dental data characterized by skew and variance heterogeneity .
Evolution of cooperation and skew under imperfect information .
Parental effort and reproductive skew in coalitions of brood rearing female common eiders .
Identification of 2R-ohnologue gene families displaying the same mutation-load skew in multiple cancers .
Pronounced reproductive skew in a natural population of green swordtails , Xiphophorus helleri .
Disclosures could strengthen or skew the doctor-patient relationship .
Such amplification is not always linear and can thus skew results .
Male reproductive skew , paternal relatedness , and female social relationships .
The major axis of wrist envelope was not skew .
Coalitions of relatives and reproductive skew in cooperatively breeding white-winged choughs .
Kin selection , local competition , and reproductive skew .
