Students completing the Web-based version of the survey were four times more likely to skip an item .
Staff probably know the proper procedures for safe use of MDVs , but job stress , time constraints , and poor staffing levels can underlie a medication giver 's decision to skip or omit steps in the process .
The Overnight Express ( TM ) Autoinduction System ( OE system ) was adopted to skip the laborious induction step of the addition of IPTG .
We could detect an alternative transcript that would skip the exon that harbored the mutation , but we demonstrate that if this transcript is translated into protein , although it correctly localizes to early endosomes , it does not interact with syntaxin-13 .
Recent work has suggested , however , that in Norwegian spring-spawning herring-a population that undertakes extensive spawning migrations-almost one in two adults may skip their second spawning migration .
I will skip the trivial ( and difficult to accept by patients ) dietary changes .
The evidence supports our hypothesis that a low internal redox potential can cause fibrosarcoma cells to skip the G1pm phase of the cell cycle .
Even if more and more evidences have highlighted the importance of breakfast in the growth and development of children , from 10 to 30 % of US and European children and adolescents regularly skip breakfast .
Multivalent interactions : a hop , skip and jump .
Participants also felt strongly that not all domains and items apply to all women with UI and an option to tailor questionnaires and skip non-relevant items was important .
Rhythms produced by leg correspond to the bipedal gaits of walk , run , two-legged hop , two-legged jump , skip , gallop , asymmetric hop , and one-legged hop .
These images ( 7.5 mm ; skip = 15 mm ) were then sent--without identifying information--to the original reviewers .
Under current heart rate control menus in normals , the PM skip appears to follow central influence , whereas the conservative or slipping PMs suggest peripheral control .
Micrometastasis and skip metastasis as predictive factors in non-small-cell lung cancer staging .
Breakfast skippers tended to skip lunch , do less extra-curricular physical activity , watch more television and have less educated parents .
Why skip the general practitioner and go to the accident and emergency department ?
Early recognition of FMF would help to skip unnecessary invasive procedures and to prevent the development of amyloidosis , the devastating complication of FMF .
Replicase might , therefore , skip these transiently formed loop structures with certain frequencies , resulting in the generation of DI genomes .
PURLs : skip this step when checking lipid levels .
With the aim of enabling the examiner to skip a large portion of the MMSE when screening subjects with lower possibility of cognitive impairment , we examined the internal distribution of the MMSE scores among 792 older adults visiting a teaching hospital , a long-term care hospital , nursing homes , and a geriatric clinic .
The energy and protein composition of breakfasts eaten by the children indicated that those who did not skip breakfast met one-quarter to one-third of their total daily energy and protein requirements .
Many patients drink cafe latte as part of their habitual morning routine to start their day and may be unable to skip this step before drawing a fasting blood sample for cholesterol testing .
This substitution led to a skip of the same exon as well as conversion of codon-930 from GCT ( Ala ) to ACT ( Thr ) in the normal-size transcript .
In the linear regression , the most powerful predictor of non-adherence was the disbelief that the drug is ameliorating the disease ( beta=0.279 ) , however , in logistic regression , patient who were willing to skip or double doses in case of amelioration/deterioration were found to be 7.35 times more likely to be non-adherent than those who were not ( aOR=0.136 , 95 % CI : 0.037-0.503 ) .
Futhermore , LT with primary suturing was thought to be useful in cases of skip and multiple , in consideration of the numbers , patterns , and properties of the bulla and/or bleb from the intraoperative findings through the thoracoscope .
Over the years , several modifications to the analgesic ladder have been proposed , as the addition of two further steps , related to the switch of opioid and/or non-invasive route of administration , and to the use of invasive approaches , or again the skip of the second step ; nevertheless the educational value and benefits related to the worldwide dissemination are of paramount importance .
The reflected beams skip a part of the interferometer and travel a different path from the main beam thus experiencing a smaller optomechanical gain .
We assessed commercial transport media and improved nucleic acid isolation techniques and the RT-PCR-based tests , which allowed us to skip a culture step and to test directly the patients ' samples ; however , for full confirmation of our hypothesis and explanation of possible mechanisms of the contribution of Helicobacter sp. to the pathogenesis of the disease further data are to be collected and evaluated .
Spermatocytes form , but the germ cells in mutant males skip the major events of the meiotic divisions and form aberrant spermatids with large nuclei .
