Circadian rhythm sleep disorders .
Relation of melatonin to sleep architecture in children with autism .
Subtle rapid eye movement sleep abnormalities in presymptomatic spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 gene carriers .
Parkinson disease : Skin patch improves sleep in PD .
The impact of general medical condition on sleep in children with mental retardation .
Should pregnant women sleep on their left ?
Cerebral oxygenation is depressed during sleep in healthy term infants when they sleep prone .
Parkinson 's disease sleep scale--validation of the revised version PDSS-2 .
The intersect of biology and culture in shaping children 's sleep .
To " sleep until death " .
All perinatal deaths occurred among women who did not sleep under a mosquito net .
The subjects were allowed to sleep from 01:00 to 08:00 .
EEG sleep slow-wave activity as a mirror of cortical maturation .
Rapid eye movement sleep atonia in patients with cognitive impairment .
Rapid eye movement sleep decreases between 10 and 30 days postnatally in the rat .
Medicine : sleep it off .
Studies probe anesthesia , sleep links .
Shiftworker sleep strategies .
We conclude that hypercapnia is a marker for sleep O2 desaturation in hypoxemic COPD .
Cortical thinning explains changes in sleep slow waves during adulthood .
Alterations in sleep polygraphy after neuroleptic withdrawal : a putative supersensitive dopaminergic mechanism .
For example , mice sleep during the day and are active at night .
Patients sleep more at night , but have poorer sleep efficiency , than HS .
Rats habitually sleep between learning sessions , and may differ in this respect .
Supplemental oxygen and sleep at altitude .
Supplemental oxygen and sleep at altitude .
Computerized analysis of epileptic activity and sleep in mobile long-term EEG monitoring .
His sleep improved after starting non-invasive ventilation and his daytime sleepiness disappeared .
Women sleep differently and report differently about sleep disturbances than men .
How do we know when patients sleep properly or why they do not ?
