Six buffers were used to solubilize the proteins .
The ability of nonionic surfactants to solubilize the pesticide alachlor was studied .
Moreover , amount of detergent needed to completely solubilize membrane was also increased .
Attempts were made to solubilize AChE from microsomal membranes by proteolytic treatment .
Buffer choice is critical to completely solubilize all proteins in the sample .
The cyclodextrins were able to solubilize paclitaxel to levels as high as 2 mg/mL .
Bile acids solubilize proteins from liver plasma membrane both in vivo and in vitro .
Several chaotropic agents less potent than trichloroacetate and tribromoacetate did not solubilize egg PC .
High CHAPS concentrations solubilize many proteins .
These ionic liquids are strong Bronsted acids and can solubilize metal oxides .
This assay utilizes surfactant and phospholipase-D to selectively degrade and solubilize remnant lipoprotein .
The bacterium was unable to solubilize phosphate or produce indole acetic acid .
The complement system is known to solubilize and render IC innocuous .
This unit describes the use of detergents to solubilize and purify membrane proteins .
They are environmentally important because they are known to solubilize and transport organic pollutants .
Decreased capacity to solubilize immune complexes in sera from patients with systemic lupus erythematosus .
Use of detergents to solubilize the Ca2+-pump protein as monomers and defined oligomers .
This enables cyclodextrins to solubilize hydrophobic molecules in aqueous media .
This strain could solubilize phosphate molecules and fixes atmospheric nitrogen .
Chondroitin sulphate did not solubilize AChE activity , and protamine eliminated the solubilizing effect .
Protopectinase - T : a rhamnogalacturonase able to solubilize protopectin from sugar beet .
Actinomycetes degrade cellulose and solubilize lignin during composting .
Thermo-chemical pre-treatment to solubilize and improve anaerobic biodegradability of press mud .
ADP did not solubilize 110K-CM , but could partially inhibit ATP - dependent solubilization .
Evaluation of methods to solubilize and analyze cell-associated ectoenzymes .
