The energetic span model .
The care span : The importance of transitional care in achieving health reform .
They typically span the membrane with one or more hydrophobic segments .
The deletion has been estimated to span 21.46 Mb on chromosomal bands 13q22.2-13q32.1 .
A set of deletions that collectively span 145 contiguous amino acids yielded active enzymes .
Bridging bone grafts were utilized to span the defects .
Our data span 1991-2001 and include all 50 states .
They span a limited genomic length and are phylogenetically conserved between human and mouse .
Desmosomal antigens span the cell membrane and keratins constitute a family of cytoplasmic proteins .
Yet , following targeted nerve section , receptive fields often span multiple digits .
Neuroanatomic and neuropsychologic correlates of digit span performance by brain-damaged adults .
Others span large sections of the chromosome , up to >750 kb .
Impact of sensory acuity on auditory working memory span in young and older adults .
Subcutaneous low profile rods span between both anchor points using axial connectors .
Recoveries span from 75 % to 104 % .
The somatomedin genes are discontinuous and span large regions of the human genome .
The transcription unit was shown to span 11 kilobases and to contain seven introns .
Observations occurred during three separate studies and span a period of 6 years .
Permeable tubes increase the length of the gap that regenerating axons can span .
Sex and cultural differences in children 's spatial and verbal memory span .
The data used span the years 1989 to 2005 .
Toward a life span developmental psychopathology perspective on bipolar disorder .
During life span the rates of depression and anxiety and gender differences decline .
The gene has eight exons which span about 6 kb on chromosome 19q13.3 .
Hand movement span after mild traumatic brain injury : a longitudinal study .
BmBR-C was found to span about 158 kbp including 13 exons .
Such local interaction of nanometer-sized molecules generates patterns that span throughout the cell .
