Response to protocol review scenario : specify all medications .
To specify the therapeutic strategy in such malformation .
We abstracted detailed information from medical records to specify the necessary data elements .
MADS-box transcription factors specify plant meristem identity .
Divergent mechanisms specify chordate motoneurons : evidence from ascidians .
These effects specify the generalization of the information processed .
To specify risk factors of vascular complications at a predialysis stage of renal failure .
Animals use diverse strategies to specify tissue lineages during development .
To specify long-term memory impairments in a group of patients selected with stringent criteria .
EMX2 and PAX6 are expressed by cortical progenitors and specify area patterning .
Studies had to have >=500 patients and specify patient numerators and denominators .
Separate elements cause lineage restriction and specify boundaries of Hox-1.1 expression .
The cell cycle molecules that specify lineage commitment within the early pancreas are unknown .
In doing so , we specify the quantitative evidence required to make informed decisions .
Neonatal resuscitation guidelines do not specify the gas flow rate during mask ventilation .
Further research should specify strain-specific outcomes and determine optimal dosing schedules .
Several mutants were analyzed that specify altered ermC gene products and are deregulated .
The authors specify the cause of the problems and offer recommendations for improvement .
Odd - skipped genes specify the signaling center that triggers retinogenesis in Drosophila .
The results specify in what sense these caregivers find their work extremely stressful .
Legislation however does not specify how long should be this period .
More research is needed to specify and quantify the importance of the various barriers .
Future work needs to specify and test candidate mediators in clinical trials .
The ability to specify and maintain discrete cell fates is essential for development .
Apical and basolateral determinants specify and maintain membrane domains in epithelia .
The ICF as a conceptual platform to specify and discuss health and health-related concepts .
This in turn allows us to specify and to formulate experimental ideas .
Hox proteins specify segment identity during embryogenesis and have typical associated expression patterns .
