We speculate that increased respiratory complications maybe due to ciliary dysfunction .
We speculate that the amygdala filters sensory information with evolutionarily conserved relevance .
We speculate that increased AMEL nanosphere size may influence enamel formation in strepsirrhine primates .
We speculate on the reasons for the differences in magnitude .
Limited literature means we can only speculate as to the reason for twisted ileostomy .
Afterwards , we speculate on the elusive pathophysiology of this oncological emergency .
In this review we evaluate these new markers and speculate about future scenarios .
We summarize this literature and speculate on the future characterization of this transport system .
We discuss the evolution and speculate on possible ecological functions of coloured nectar .
Besides intercellular junctions , we may speculate a paracrine effect via ectovesicles .
We speculate PD results in frailty through reduced physical activity .
In our case , we speculate the following mechanism .
We speculate about the evolutionary origins of this gender difference and note some implications .
We speculate on the histogenesis of teratoid hepatoblastoma and discuss its association with chemotherapy .
System change is a difficult process and one can only speculate about the outcomes .
Some also speculate a role for NAA in myelination .
We speculate additional variables such as genetic factors influence weight gain and warrant study .
We speculate about the possible implications of this finding .
Presence of nystagmus may help to speculate the lesion of Bickerstaff 's brainstem encephalitis .
The model was further utilized to speculate substrate propensity of in-house anticancer compounds .
Further , it creates an avenue to speculate a new model for arsenic biomonitoring .
We will attempt to explain the effects and speculate on the possible mechanisms .
We also summarise the current technologies and speculate on future directions for telomerase testing .
