Improving Salmonella vector with rec mutation to stabilize the DNA cargoes .
Genetic selection designed to stabilize proteins uncovers a chaperone called Spy .
Creating prebiotic sanctuary : self-assembling supramolecular Peptide structures bind and stabilize RNA .
Adding charge to an organic ligand can also stabilize frameworks .
Finally , we assessed whether brain-penetrant compounds could stabilize mouse CNS MTs .
We propose these subunits stabilize the membrane domain of complex I .
It acts to stabilize capsid shells by connecting the capsomeric subunits together .
We assume that the additive surfactants form micelles and stabilize latanoprost in this formulation .
Copper - induced phosphorylation of Thr327 is predicted to stabilize this change in conformation .
Pericytes surround and stabilize the vast capillary network of the central nervous system .
We suggest that CCS4 might function to stabilize CCDA or regulate its activity .
The proposed regularization techniques are shown to stabilize the inversion and eliminate the artifacts .
Two feedback loops stabilize cofilin-1 in the phosphorylated versus dephosphorylated state .
The NTA can stabilize the AuNPs against tris-induced aggregation through capping the AuNPs .
Tm1 , Tm2/3 , and Tm5NM1/2 stabilize actin filaments at distinct stress fiber regions .
It can stabilize c-Myc and promote anchorage-independent cell growth and tumour formation .
Moreover , they stabilize the fragmented DNA and increase a total melting point .
This interaction could stabilize the alphaC-helix and maintain kinase activity .
Treatment with PTX appeared to stabilize or reduce calcium content in PD plaques .
Lone pair-aromatic interactions : to stabilize or not to stabilize .
Many methods to stabilize and fuse the craniocervical junction have been described .
In addition , K+ is able to stabilize LjNSE1 against thermal inactivation .
The enzyme and its conjugate were shown to stabilize in acid media .
The keratometry readings and refractive correction required appeared to stabilize by the third month .
Epothilones stabilize microtubules in a manner similar to taxanes but are structurally distinct .
By competing with calcium ion , they stabilize membranes and have an anesthetic effect .
In addition , cyclization can stabilize the peptide structure and thereby increase its stability .
Studies show that transplanting these cells can stabilize or recover vision in animal models .
Singly , these antioxidants did not stabilize or directly inhibit hydroxylase activities .
It may stabilize or even regress if gastro-esophageal reflux is suppressed .
