The role of the Giemsa stain in cytogenetics .
Nodular and thickened port-wine stain with lipomatosis and oral mucosa malformation .
Control valves did not stain for either protein .
Indocyanine green and trypan blue have been extensively used to stain the ILM .
Giemsa 's technique was employed to stain the myenteric neurons .
Morphological changes were confirmed using trypan blue to stain the cells .
" Dead " cells stain blue-green .
Polyclonal carcinoembryonic antigen ( pCEA ) and CD10 stain bile canaliculi in better-differentiated HCC .
The compounds can also stain human squamous epithelium cells .
Sixteen ( 32 % ) failed to stain at all .
Leder-Giemsa stain for bone marrow trephine--a technical report .
The lymphoma cells in the other case failed to stain for cytoplasmic immunoglobulins .
The Gram stain .
Elastin stain identified the elastic fiber network of the levator aponeurosis .
HE stain indicated that there were little acellular traces of muscle and mucosa .
All tested dyes were able to stain lens capsules sufficiently for capsulorhexis creation .
Trypan blue 0.2 % was used to stain the ILM during surgery .
Immunochemistry was used to stain for Bax and Bcl-2 ( apoptosis markers ) .
The LC stain positively with ATPase and were negative to DOPA-oxidase .
They stain variably for nonspecific esterase and acid phosphatase and are ATPase - positive .
As previously demonstrated thymocytes stain brightly for Ly-1 by immunofluorescence and express Ly-1 transcripts .
They can easily stain blood cancer cells without further surface modification .
Limulus polyhemus agglutinin did not stain any structures in rat or human nerves .
Differential technique to stain nerve cells and fibers in methacrylate sections .
FITC-MAb 6C9 stained only C / PC area lightly but did not stain matrix .
D2-40 was specific for lymphatic vessels and did not stain blood vascular endothelial cells .
Rabbits produce noticeable odors , and their excreta can scald and stain cages .
The cells were argyrophil but nonargentaffin and did not stain with conventional mucus stains .
The material was non-isotropic , non-crystalline and did not stain with routine staining procedures .
They are not detectable in infant spinal cord , but stain heavily in adults .
