This was done to standardize the survey methodology .
A training DVD was produced to standardize teaching and evaluation use of the checklist .
Efforts are ongoing to better standardize the conduct and interpretation of FDG-PET scans .
Grid-enabled measures : using Science 2.0 to standardize measures and share data .
Tri-hospital formulary management : a joint effort to standardize therapy and reduce costs .
Implementation of this electronic system may streamline and standardize surveillance and reporting efforts .
To standardize quantitative parotid gland scintigraphy for diagnosing Sjogren 's syndrome ( SS ) .
However interindividual variations made it difficult to standardize the c-waves by this change .
A phantom study was performed to standardize volume calculations from SPECT derived cross-sectional areas .
However , it is difficult to standardize and quantify this stimulation condition .
Further developments to standardize and gather multiple informations could now be envisionned .
Some guidelines have been published to standardize and optimize the nutrition therapy .
Description of web-enhanced virtual character simulation system to standardize patient hand-offs .
A modified Delphi approach to standardize low back pain recurrence terminology .
The quest to standardize hemodialysis care .
However , this method is difficult to standardize especially under GMP conditions .
This examination is much more easy to standardize than the conventional US .
However , carotid tonometry is technically challenging and difficult to standardize in practice .
This may further allow us to standardize treatment and study outcomes .
The use of LNR may standardize the staging and guide decisions for adjuvant treatments .
Here , we standardize the LEL model and explore its suitability for drug testing .
The commercial information on medications could standardize behaviour with regard to writing prescriptions .
Methods to standardize dietary intake before performance testing .
A proposal to standardize reporting units for fecal immunochemical tests for hemoglobin .
Parenteral nutrition in neonatology--to standardize or individualize ?
Radiofrequency identification technology can standardize and document blood collections and transfusions .
Future research should standardize and systematically test inpatient DBT .
