This approach may stem from a fear of disc fragment migration with neurological deterioration .
Slow and uneven implementation and integration do not stem from problems of adoption .
Its theories , principles , and methods stem from various philosophical schools .
Breast cancer stem cell targets .
Effects of salinomycin on cancer stem cell in human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells .
Calcineurin signaling as a negative determinant of keratinocyte cancer stem cell potential and carcinogenesis .
The complex light response is shown to stem from circadian gating of light-dependent mechanisms .
These biases were found to stem from vigilance for pain-related stimuli .
These abnormalities all appeared to stem from an abnormally high resting gallbladder volume .
Various efforts are underway around the world to stem these declines .
Gamma-tocotrienol as an effective agent in targeting prostate cancer stem cell-like population .
Wider preventive programmes need to be urgently implemented to stem the tide .
Leadership does not stem directly from self-esteem , but self-esteem may have indirect effects .
The equations stem from a phenomenological approach and allow calculation of the induced stresses .
Mammalian sex chromosomes stem from ancestral autosomes and have substantially differentiated .
Responses of periodontal ligament stem cells on various titanium surfaces .
The tissue-specific stem cell as a target for chemoprevention .
miRNAs stem cell reprogramming for neuronal induction and differentiation .
Small-molecule regulators of human stem cell self-renewal .
Ultrastructural comparison of developing mouse embryonic stem cell- and in vivo-derived cardiomyocytes .
Preparation of the femoral diaphysis and insertion of a distally anchored revision stem .
Reasons for this disparity are unclear and may stem from patient and/or physician barriers .
Falls are common among the elderly and stem from multiple causes .
Estrogenic compounds are naturally excreted by humans and hence stem predominantly from wastewater effluents .
UK government fails to stem rise in tuberculosis cases .
Towards hematopoietic stem cell-mediated protection against infection with human immunodeficiency virus .
India to use AD syringes to stem infection from reused needles .
HMOs may look to group purchasing to stem costs and manage materials .
