Peripheral hyperopia was hypothesized to stimulate axial elongation .
The two types of IP-CHA were filled into the sockets to stimulate bone regeneration .
A ' metaprogram ' is recommended to stimulate partnership of industry and research .
However , it is not known which components in milk stimulate growth .
These data indicated that EPS may stimulate cytokine expressions of immunocytes .
A need exists for osteoporosis therapies that stimulate new bone formation .
Tumour-infiltrating regulatory T cells stimulate mammary cancer metastasis through RANKL - RANK signalling .
The mechanisms that stimulate fetal heart growth during anemia are unknown .
Therefore , exogenous gastrin and CCK peptides stimulate insulin and glucagon secretion in man .
Isomalto-oligosaccharides specifically stimulate growth of intestinal lactobacilli in a rat model system .
A variety of molecules are able to stimulate HIV from latency .
We want to stimulate future research in this theoretical context .
These factors stimulate proliferation and minimize cell apoptosis .
Various growth factors stimulate blood and lymphatic neovascularization and modulate vessel permeability in tumors .
However there are reports that LLLT can stimulate leukocytes and could therefore be pro-inflammatory .
Overall , the tool was found to stimulate learning and change thinking about breastfeeding .
Ghrelin is known to stimulate appetite and cause weight increase .
Efforts should be undertaken to stimulate guideline-based surveillance advice and to minimize screening delay .
They stimulate insulin secretion through distinct mechanisms and may benefit patients from different aspects .
In various animal models and in humans FFA can stimulate hepatic gluconeogenesis .
In isolated hepatocytes , U-46619 did not stimulate glucose output or activate glycogen phosphorylase .
Various compounds to stimulate and restore normal islet function are under development .
Osteoblasts synthesise proteins that stimulate and inhibit HSC proliferation .
The bipolar electrodes allowed both to stimulate and to record the electrical activity .
However , in vitro dexamethasone did not stimulate or down-regulate C1qRp expression .
Adrenergic agents stimulate and cholinergic agents inhibit H+ secretion by amphibian jejunum .
Prostaglandins stimulate and inhibit acid secretion in amphibian fundic musoca .
Tamoxifen is used both to stimulate ovulation and as an anticancer drug .
J-proteins are obligate cochaperones of Hsp70s and stimulate their ATPase activity via the J-domain .
is known to stimulate LH secretion and inhibit prolactin release in photoperiodically inhibited ewes .
