To stop or not to stop : the quest for long-term viral suppression .
In western Africa , the subjective need for contraception remained unchanged ; about 46 % of married or cohabiting women reported a desire to stop and/or postpone childbearing for at least two years .
Consequently , by utilizing the similar mechanisms for immune cells to migrate through the body , tumor cells migrate via blood stream , survive against selective pressures in other organs they stop by , achieve re-growth as metastasis , or make a clinical relapse by traveling back to the primary site .
The only way to effectively decrease the occurrence of rape on college campuses is to stop the perpetrators .
The visibility of the bleeding point for a long period of time is very crucial for the surgeon to stop the bleeding .
Provided there are no safety issues to stop their progress , this new class of compound will be a major advance in the herpesvirus antiviral field .
The use of executed prisoners as a source of organ transplants in China must stop .
In 2003 and 2005 the main reason for not having converted to group housing was that farmers would stop keeping sows by 2013 .
The results show that cells harbouring mutant alleles of genes encoding Smc5/6-complex proteins rapidly stop growing after telomerase loss .
It is also increasingly being used for off-license indications to prevent bleeding in operations where blood loss is likely to be high , and/or to stop bleeding that is proving difficult to control by other means .
Hunters were presented with six scenarios depicting hypothetical CWD prevalence levels and human health risks from the disease ( e.g. , death ) , and asked if they would continue or stop hunting deer in the state .
It seems to be a safe and promising procedure to stabilise the refraction and the corneal topography , and thus to stop the progression of visual loss , thereby avoiding or delaying disease progression and keratoplasty .
These inhibitory events can stop the movement of the ribosome , a phenomenon termed " translational arrest " .
Many older farmers indicated that they would stop farming , whereas others found it more profitable to delay the conversion as long as possible .
Can we stop the stroke epidemic in Pakistan ?
[The glycopeptides : stop or else ? ] .
The findings are important for both public health policy planners and human rights activists as high prevalence of stigmatized attitudes among HCWs influence the decision-making process of PLHIV and stop them from accessing voluntary counseling and testing , care , support , and treatment services .
Success was evaluated in terms of total or partial stop of bladder bleeding .
Physicians were encouraged to stop the AADs after the 6-week treatment period .
The fracture risk reduction rate , achieved in the course of anti-resorptive therapy , is insufficient for patients with severe osteoporosis to stop the downward spiral of their quality of life ( QoL ) with a simultaneously increasing threat of premature death .
Therefore , SAP may be an effective nanomaterial for inhibiting cancer progression and metastasis to stop the progression during treatment and removal .
No treatments are currently available that slow , stop , or reverse disease progression in established multiple sclerosis ( MS ) .
Women of lower socio-economic status and those not meeting criteria for safe replacement feeding were more likely to initiate breastfeeding , to continue longer and to stop at 6 months when provided with free food within the trial .
There would typically follow a period of experimentation where it was usual to stop and restart medication , often several times .
The biological clock may stop at the time of death in a dead body .
The authors stop mainly on defining points that justify the complex therapeutical approach of rectal cancer .
This stop in the replication of W. chondrophila coincided with the appearance of large aberrant bodies , a form of the bacteria also observed in Chlamydiaceae and associated with persistence .
In 7 eyes , vitrectomy could stop the disease progression .
Why ? Because they stop working on themselves .
Unintended pregnancy can occur when women stop one birth control method before starting another .
