Color is used to store information .
A total of 89 % of respondents would opt to store CBUs .
It is common practice to store precut prostate biopsy sections .
When to store energy in a stochastic environment .
Plants need nitrate for growth and store most of it in the central vacuole .
Furthermore , they show the ability to store two electrons within the 4H-imidazole ligand .
Cross-sectional analysis of food store environment .
Lipid droplets ( LDs ) are intracellular organelles that store neutral lipids within cells .
Network-based predictions of retail store commercial categories and optimal locations .
They may also trap , store , and release foreign molecules .
The cells synthesise , store and secrete immunoreactive ANP .
The electrode is easy to make and store , and inexpensive .
The fast-spreading hybrid clones store less N in their rhizomes than the parental species .
Eighty-four percent of respondents did not store eggs correctly in the refrigerator .
Plants commonly store toxic compounds in an inactive form .
The ECM can incorporate and store molecular traces of both neuronal and glial activities .
The bioactivity assays revealed that these hepatocyte-like cells could uptake lipoprotein and store glycogen .
Melanosomes are specialized intracellular membrane bound organelles that produce and store melanin pigment .
They can store carbon and can also provide wood which can substitute other materials .
The sugar units of glycan structures store information and establish an alphabet of life .
These mice store sulphatide and show progressive neurological symptoms , but do not demyelinate .
Ligands that store and release electrons during catalysis .
The world 's technological capacity to store , communicate , and compute information .
Furthermore , we investigated whether these cells store and secrete alpha-MSH .
Mice lacking NOX2 are hyperphagic and store fat preferentially in the liver .
The social dynamics of healthy food shopping and store choice in an urban environment .
Cover the container with a cloth and store it in a cool place .
