Using nuclear receptor activity to stratify hepatocarcinogens .
[Acute pulmonary embolism : is necessary to stratify the risk ? ] .
Monitoring these parameters can help identify and stratify septic patients .
These may provide meaningful biomarkers to stratify patients for reduced chemotherapy in the future .
Interleukin-6 levels can also be used to stratify patients for therapeutic intervention .
Metabolic response may be used to stratify prognosis in patients with rectal cancer .
Furthermore , studies of adjuvant therapy should stratify patients for this variable .
Therefore , a sequencing-based comprehensive analysis could stratify SCLC patients by potential therapeutic targets .
Using readmission risk , we can stratify patients into tiered clinical pathways .
Risk score to stratify children with suspected serious bacterial infection : observational cohort study .
A clinical prediction model to stratify retinopathy of prematurity risk using postnatal weight gain .
Can molecular markers stratify the diagnostic value of high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia ?
Functional neurologic measures are currently used to stratify injury severity and predict neurologic outcome .
To risk stratify patients with major trauma and to predict need for MT .
INRG classification should be employed to stratify adult neuroblastoma patients and help select treatment .
The SFTP score may stratify patient risk and guide postoperative surveillance .
Monitoring HVPG may stratify further bleeding risk and discriminate treatment response .
Identification of these aberrations would stratify patients and improve treatment algorithms .
It is time to stratify with prognostic factors for hepatic metastases .
Furthermore , it should be able to stratify in an external validation set .
Future trials should include and stratify for premature infants .
Neurogenesis and generalization : a new approach to stratify and treat anxiety disorders .
CRCSCs may be useful biomarkers to risk stratify , and estimate outcomes in CRC .
The injection was stable , hard to stratify and decompose .
Studies of mechanisms for preterm birth must stratify by fetal sex and race .
Additional models stratify by account type or single enrollee versus family .
Normative studies frequently stratify based on age , education , sex , and race .
