Further prospective RCTs are warranted to substantiate these findings .
However , there is limited published research to substantiate safety or effectiveness .
Longitudinal clinical studies with greater populations are required to substantiate these results .
Physiological experiments substantiate this finding .
Our results substantiate the occurrence of oxidative stress during human aging .
Our uncontrolled data basically substantiate the safety of intracoronary administration of abciximab .
Family studies substantiate this hypothesis and three new genotypes are recognised .
This should substantiate or negate the view presented here .
Future studies should substantiate these findings but also determine their clinical relevance .
The current investigation attempted to substantiate this finding in 2 new patient groups .
The aim of this study was to substantiate these findings at the protein level .
Autoradiography was performed to substantiate results of biodistribution studies in the myocardium .
The team must substantiate the restriction by justifying a relatively certain and substantial risk .
These may substantiate their different genetic progressions to invasive carcinoma .
The results substantiate the physiological importance of ANP as a regulator of blood volume .
These codes are required to be used for reimbursement and to substantiate medical necessity .
We specify three basic ethical principles that have to be respected and substantiate them .
To substantiate these previous findings and detect new genomic regions .
We cannot substantiate that the Rf-5 region contains genes influencing renal damage susceptibility .
These analyses also further substantiate that treatment with DrotAA is associated with improved survival .
The results statistically substantiate that mechanical wound care alone is insufficient therapy .
Controlled studies are needed to substantiate and clarify these preliminary findings .
Further studies are needed to substantiate or reject this possibility .
More rigorous controlled trials are required to substantiate or refute these early findings .
The findings of this study substantiate and complement previous results obtained by hemodynamic procedures .
Little data substantiate or refute the perceived high trauma malpractice risk .
There are no current data to substantiate or refute the likelihood of such teasing .
