Unfortunately , many trials suffer from lacking or inadequate controls or small sample size .
Patients suffer from recurrent respiratory infections and poor response to vaccination .
PWD suffer from major cognitive impairment , making interaction with others problematic .
Patients with OSAS are more likely to suffer from CVD .
Patients with acute pancreatitis are liable to suffer from PUD .
Abstract Victims of infection are expected to suffer increasingly as parasite population growth increases .
Late preterm newborns suffer significant respiratory morbidity .
These results indicated that nurses exposed to inpatient suicide suffer significant mental distress .
Almost one third of women suffer continuous lower back pain during labour .
Homeless individuals often suffer from serious health conditions and are frequently hospitalized .
Patients suffer from dysphagia and many are tube-feed dependent .
Most series suffer from small sample size and controlled trials are lacking .
Preterm newborn infants may suffer laryngeal injuries after multiple intubations and long-term mechanical ventilation .
Human cardiac valve allografts ( HVAs ) suffer injuries during the cryopreservation period .
The resulting nanocomposites also suffer a phase transition upon irradiation with electromagnetic waves .
Blacks were less likely to suffer rapid decline in self-rated health than were whites .
The late preterm infants are much more likely to suffer various complications .
Elderly patients were likely to suffer both falls and a further traumatic condition .
Patients have a high bone density and suffer from an increased risk of fracture .
Ceramics are ideally suited for high-temperature applications but suffer from poor toughness .
Osteoinductive proteins show great promise for achieving spine fusion but suffer from poor bioavailability .
Those images suffer from errors that originate from the polychromatic nature of the spectra .
CF patients suffer from chronic airway inflammation , which contributes to lung deterioration .
Many cancer patients suffer from rapidly-progressing dyspnea that is difficult to relieve .
Tg mice suffer a mild lipodystrophy and exhibit deficiency in adipocyte differentiation .
No medical sequelae are known , but patients may suffer social consequences .
Infected infants have high mortality rates , and survivors often suffer life-long neurological disorders .
In the postoperative phase after thoracic surgery in children patients can suffer considerable pain .
The cost of migration : spoonbills suffer higher mortality during trans-Saharan spring migrations only .
One patient continues to suffer intermittent mild aching in the wrist .
