These results suggest that DKK1 may not be involved in the beta-catenin dependent pathway .
Our data suggest that stroke severity is significantly associated with short-term and long-term survival .
The results suggest that DAS may protect cartilage in the development of OA .
Multiple gene correlations were found , which suggest possible coregulation mechanisms .
Our data suggest a role for TLR2 during allogen-dependent graft damage after renal transplantation .
Estimates suggest prescription use and misuse have increased substantially in Canada since that time .
In girls , low AMH suggest that there is major loss of primordial follicles .
In conclusion , the results suggest that innovative referral strategies increase CR use .
In contrast , some studies suggest that the rate is rising in Asia .
In these patients , results suggest a pegvisomant-sparing effect versus daily pegvisomant monotherapy .
Therefore , we suggest suction cautery as the most appropriate method for adenoidectomy .
Serologic results suggest increased FCV exposure in FIC cats compared with controls .
This report thus is the first to suggest a function for SAP47 .
The tendency to suggest CLs was higher in CL wearers as compared to non-wearers .
Nevertheless , their tendency to suggest CLs is significantly lower .
Functioning is multi-dimensional and structures of association suggest that country-specific pathways towards disability exist .
These results suggest that Cox2 and mTORC1 signaling is cross-regulated and cooperatively exacerbate EMC .
UV and EPR measurements suggest but cannot confirm direct NO release from nitroalkenes .
Results suggest effects of pH and IS on regulating SRHA conformation were additive .
We suggest guidelines for diagnosis and propose a treatment algorithm for this condition .
The pathophysiology is unclear , but most reports suggest a hypodopaminergic state .
Caspase-3 ( p20 ) estimating post-TBI intervals are dubious but could suggest TBI exists .
The histopathologic picture was variable and often did not suggest mycobacterosis .
The findings are promising and suggest that larger trials of citicoline are warranted .
Finally we make several predictions and suggest ways to test this model .
Trends were similar for state-specific tax increases but suggest strong interactive processes across taxes .
Results demonstrated sex-specific transmission of psychosis regardless of psychosis-type and suggest X-linked inheritance .
In idiopathic CDI , circulating AVPc-Abs suggest an autoimmune involvement of the neurohypophyseal system .
A 61-year-old man showed clinical findings which suggest atypical malignant hyperthermia after pancreatoduodenectomy .
We examine features that could suggest refractoriness at onset .
