Descriptive statistics were used to summarize outcomes .
Hence , in this paper an attempt was made to summarize recent findings .
We describe the resulting community consultation and summarize the outcomes .
In this paper we summarize the results of these studies on patients with XDP .
In this review we summarize the current knowledge of preformed mast cell mediators .
In this review we summarize the key currently available data .
These tools should summarize evidence-based information in a convenient format that allows easy use .
We also summarize existing roles for both groups in jurisdictions .
This review will summarize its potential effects , mechanisms and applications .
To summarize the clinical characteristics of Bartter syndrome and investigate its pathogenesis .
We performed a comprehensive review of the literature , and summarize the data .
To summarize the Jijgiin theory and study the essence of Jingjin .
In addition , we summarize trends and suggest methodological refinements for future research .
In this article , we summarize synaptic PDZ domain-containing proteins and discussed their functions .
In this contribution , we summarize the scholastic procedures and present three medical questions .
We also summarize the existing TRPM8 regulations and discuss their physiological and pathological significance .
We summarize recent pharmaceutical studies and consider the potential for future X-ALD therapies .
Here , we summarize these studies and provide an inventory of the susceptibility genes .
The first was to summarize findings from longitudinal data on normative brain development .
There is need to summarize research work within these places .
We aim to summarize all recent systematic reviews in this area .
To summarize and assess literature regarding social participation of recipients after successful kidney transplantation .
To appraise , summarize , and describe currently available EBP teaching evaluation instruments .
This article attempts to summarize and rationalize the contradictory results .
Finally , we summarize the attempts to prevent PTE in experimental models .
The effects of cooling , noradrenaline and cAMP did not summarize .
This review will summarize the major studies that support this hypothesis .
In this review , we summarize the ECM changes that occur in CAVD .
For now , we will summarize what we know from current research .
In this review , we summarize what is currently known regarding metronomic chemotherapy-induced immunoregulation .
