These results indicate that asbestos has the potential to suppress cytotoxicity of NK cells .
Transmembrane protein tetraspanins either promote or suppress tumor invasion and metastasis .
Tamoxifen was seen to suppress carrageenan-induced inflammation significantly .
A new synthetic aperture focusing method to suppress the diffraction of ultrasound .
Next , we tested whether the TLR4-interacting SP-A peptides would suppress inflammatory cytokines .
Inhibitors of endoplasmic reticulum alpha-glucosidases potently suppress hepatitis C virus virion assembly and release .
Retinal cells suppress intraocular inflammation ( uveitis ) through production of interleukin-27 and interleukin-10 .
TRPV1 antagonist can suppress the atopic dermatitis-like symptoms by accelerating skin barrier recovery .
Hepatic NK cells suppress cholestatic liver injury by stimulating Kupffer cell-dependent IL-6 production .
Interleukin-6 induces Gr-1+CD11b+ myeloid cells to suppress CD8+ T cell-mediated liver injury in mice .
Axon regeneration can facilitate or suppress hindlimb function after olfactory ensheathing glia transplantation .
These results suggest that 8-gingerol could suppress humoral and cellular immune responses in mice .
Y-40138 is known to suppress the pro-inflammatory cytokines and augment the anti-inflammatory cytokines .
They are induced at sites of inflammation and can potently suppress T cell functions .
Green tea polyphenols also have shown to suppress cell proliferation and induce apoptosis .
mTOR inhibitors suppress T cell activation and proliferation and are effective immunosuppressants .
Recombinant adenovirus could suppress survivin - expression efficiency and induce apoptosis by affecting mitosis .
These cells suppress the Th1 response against the parasite and prevent its elimination .
It cannot induce EAE but it does suppress it in a variety of animals .
In some cases , it can suppress adenoma secretion and lead to tumor shrinkage .
Also in some patients HDV superinfection may itself suppress HBV and thus clear HBeAg .
CDK11p46 and RPS8 associate with each other and suppress translation in a synergistic manner .
Progesterone is an endogenous immunomodulator , and can suppress T-cell activation during pregnancy .
Effectors can trigger or suppress defences in a host-dependent fashion .
In addition , phenytoin failed to suppress or to modify the clinical seizures .
Sodium phenytoin failed to suppress or to modify the clinical seizures .
Men were more able to suppress and speed up blinking than women .
Waves of gene regulation suppress and then restore oxidative phosphorylation in cancer cells .
Epidemiological studies reported that diet-derived antioxidants might suppress and/or delay progression of cardiovascular disease .
They both suppress and enhance numerous biological phenomena .
