The medical records of these patients were reviewed to supplement the data collected .
In addition , interview-based measures have been developed to supplement performance-based assessments .
Provider frustration highlights the need to supplement provider outreach efforts .
Theoretical modelling can supplement experimental results to understand nutrition to IVD more clearly .
These studies supplement the knowledge of the mechanism of acupuncture .
Multivitamin supplement interaction with warfarin therapy .
Acupuncture has been used to supplement opioid analgesics for postoperative pain control .
It was developed in Christchurch to supplement existing smoking cessation programmes in the community .
This record was designed to supplement the prenatal records in general use .
Effects of a fruit/berry/vegetable supplement on muscle function and oxidative stress .
Oral DHEA supplement with or without concomitant exercise .
In both culture condition , retinoic acid supplement accelerate differentiation .
Folic acid supplement use in the prevention of neural tube defects .
Barbary macaques supplement less diverse tree foods with herbs .
The data supplement recent findings by Ellison et al .
Psychotherapy shall not substitute but supplement pharmacotherapy and physiotherapy .
Voluntary protection programs to supplement enforcement and to provide safe and healthful working conditions--OSHA .
Mental health services moderate social demands , supplement opportunities , and restore abilities .
Bipolar disorder supplement needed broader perspective .
Semipermanent and permanent dermal/subdermal fillers supplement .
The semipermanent and permanent dermal/subdermal fillers supplement .
Moreover , Pimozide can supplement low doses of LHRHa but not replace it .
Exogenous PGE2 may supplement decreased endogenous levels and inhibit keloid formation or progression .
Tele-education broadcasts may supplement other CE activities but may not replace them .
The purpose of this analysis is to supplement and extend the previous work .
First , new fuels are needed to supplement and ultimately replace depleting oil reserves .
Adult day care : substitute or supplement ?
The service component of pharmacy should supplement and complement its core function .
New technologies and current therapies may supplement or even delay traditional surgical procedures .
Cognitive strategies through cognitive control of respiration may supplement and accentuate these interventions .
