These results support the existing classification of CeMV into three principal genetic clusters .
Serum-based biomarkers may support detection of GBM .
Improving population care with an integrated electronic panel support tool .
Successful pregnancy requires coordinated maternal-fetal cross-talk to establish vascular connections that support conceptus growth .
Do you truly support the advancement of the nursing profession ?
Several studies show that high-technology AAC can be used to support off-line communication .
These results support intending BMI as nutritional reserve in institutionalized elderly patients .
Ensuring that practice patterns support savings over time .
Translation of a dementia caregiver support program in a health care system--REACH VA .
Astrocytes support neurons and map out nonoverlapping domains in grey matter of the brain .
Findings support self-determination theory and indicate that individuals discriminate between intrinsic and extrinsic goals .
Mid-urethral slings support the mid-urethra and restrict downward movement during different activities .
ReSCA : decision support tool for remediation planning after the Chernobyl accident .
A measuring device was constructed to support each laryngoscope in a standardized manner .
It is possible to successfully support these calves by INO and mechanical ventilation .
Impact of follow-along support on job tenure in the individual placement and support model .
Practitioners could devise ways to better engage and support those families who consider moving .
The histopathology report supported or did not support the diagnosis of HSCR .
Trauma resuscitation errors and computer-assisted decision support .
( 2 ) Proactive versus reactive support .
The results support using antioxidant supplements as a preventive tool against radiation-induced harm .
Continuous support for women during childbirth .
The threshold for permissible withdrawal of life support from disabled newborn infants .
The results support for both predictions .
The present review investigates the evidence available to support or refute these claims .
Infrared spectroscopy was used to support and clarify the MALDI data .
There is little evidence to support or to refute this suggestion .
Taken together , Abeta-peptides support phagocytosis as soluble factors and act as opsonins .
In the first stage , they support hematopoiesis and contain no fat .
For instance , some applications support enhanced query and retrieve over DICOM objects metadata .
