Cells within collagen matrices survive in the thoracic cavity at early time points .
We find that hMSCs survive equally well in this system , regardless of MMP-degradability .
During the prolonged gestation of a new medicine few candidate molecules survive .
Intracellular pathogens have developed different strategies to survive within host cells .
Sulfate reducers have developed a multifaceted adaptative strategy to survive against oxidative stresses .
Rhodococcus equi human clinical isolates enter and survive within human alveolar epithelial cells .
Those who survive passive suspension are at risk for rhabdomyolysis .
Change ( the only constant ) and how to survive it .
In cells that did not survive micropuncture injury , actin remodeling did not occur .
Inserted larvae were statistically more likely to survive fumigation than oviposited larvae .
There is evidence that women are more likely to survive cardiac arrest than men .
Diatoms respire nitrate to survive dark and anoxic conditions .
However , the patient could not survive .
Most of the RGC can survive more than two weeks .
Of those who survive , most experience a decrease in mobility and independence .
They need not be designed this way to survive and thrive .
Camels survive and produce milk during recurrent prolonged hot and dry periods .
Helping novice perioperative nurses survive and thrive .
How to survive and thrive in today 's medical practice .
The complex of ASC-MADM can be injected into the vocal cord and can survive .
Tumor cells interact with their surrounding microenvironment to survive and persist within the host .
However , mLST8 null embryos survive until e10.5 and resemble embryos missing rictor .
In contrast , goldfish RGCs can survive and regrow their axons after injury .
The epidemic will survive when q > qc and die when q < qc .
In some cases , people can survive entrapment for lengthy periods .
Cold-induced changes of gene expression and metabolism are critical for plants to survive freezing .
Children that survive birth before 34 weeks gestation often face life-long disability .
However , they appear to survive for some time and to remain functional .
The latter two channels were labile and did not survive during intracellular perfusion .
The remaining patients may be stable and survive for prolonged periods .
