We suspect they arise from a foreign body response to the screw breakdown .
We suspect that use of " spice " products may increase .
We suspect that these assays have applications to other species of New World primates .
Consecutive glaucoma and glaucoma suspect Caucasian patients .
The condition mimics a fracture and may even lead one to suspect a non-union .
We suspect published accuracy rates ( 80-97 % ) overestimate clinical utility .
Giant cell arteritis : suspect it , treat it promptly .
When to suspect interstitial cystitis .
It is important to suspect it in order to avoid wrong treatment .
Ophthalmologists should suspect retinal vasculitis when patient complains of xanthopsia .
Based on these findings , we suspect she was taking oral contraceptives .
We did not initially suspect syphilis in most of these 28 patients .
Right to left shunt measurement in patients suspect for pulmonary embolism .
Proper biopsy of a lesion suspect of being a malignant melanoma .
All suspect in India .
When to suspect thyroid disease in the elderly .
A total of 64 normal-tension glaucoma suspect eyes without anti-hypertensive treatment were enrolled .
Beyond shy : when to suspect social anxiety disorder .
Medical team could suspect and confirm D-bifunctional peroxisomal enzymatic deficiency diagnosis .
Consecutive sample of 246 patients with a suspect or manifest myocardial infarction .
These late neurologic complications permitted us to suspect and discuss some diagnostic hypotheses .
Conceptus viability , malformation , and suspect mutagens or teratogens in humans .
It 's important to suspect the diagnosis and to distinguish it of aggressive angiomyxoma .
Description of methods and evaluation in patients with manifest and suspect glaucoma .
Healthcare providers should suspect TB in symptomatic persons and adhere to TB control policies .
We suspect a factitial component but have been unable to prove or disprove it .
The elevation of ACE in spinal fluid made us suspect of neurosarcoidosis .
From pandemic suspect to the postvaccine era : the Haemophilus influenzae story .
We also studied other US features suspect for malignant lesions .
