Clostridium acetobutylicum is able to switch from acidogenic growth to solventogenic growth .
What triggers grass endophytes to switch from mutualism to pathogenism ?
Hts / Adducin may define a mechanism to switch between synapse stability and dynamics .
Novel optical switch with a reconfigurable dielectric liquid droplet .
Is it time to switch to ' silent ' ?
Optically implemented broadband blueshift switch in the terahertz regime .
Company 's attempt to switch its patients to a new drug is foiled .
Closed-adapted cervids require more joint mobility to rapidly switch directions in complex habitats .
Virtual environments were designed in order to switch visual feedback on/off during upper-limb training .
How to switch birth control methods .
A phage protein that binds phiC31 integrase to switch its directionality .
Set-shifting is a neurocognitive concept defined as the ability to switch tasks flexibly .
A novel logic switch based on individual ZnO nanotetrapods .
MAT alpha rad52 HO swi1 strains apparently can switch MAT alpha to MATa .
High isolation single-pole four-throw RF MEMS switch based on series-shunt configuration .
Chemistry. Heat and light switch a chiral catalyst and its products .
Body lice do not switch hosts , even where flies are present .
The hydrogen - bond switch reaction of the Blrb Bluf domain of Rhodobacter sphaeroides .
A recurrent phospho-sumoyl switch in transcriptional repression and beyond .
They are voltage-dependent and switch to substates at transmembrane potentials higher than 10 mV .
Patients receiving cyclosporine or tacrolimus were randomized to switch to belatacept or continue CNI .
The emergent dynamics of isotype switch .
An adhesion-dependent switch between mechanisms that determine motile cell shape .
As barnacles mature , they switch to become facilitators of fucoids .
Particles can switch from one intersecting microtubule to another and move in either direction .
Virus-specific CD8+ cells can switch to interleukin 5 production and induce airway eosinophilia .
Thereafter they switch to endoreduplication and reach 16c-64c .
Accordingly , we choose not to switch medication but to add clozapine .
The paralysis that ensued forced me to switch hands and become a left-handed painter .
