Thiazole antibiotic thiostrepton synergize with bortezomib to induce apoptosis in cancer cells .
Both drug classes synergize in their gene reactivating and anticancer activities .
Homeostatic lymphoid chemokines synergize with adhesion ligands to trigger T and B lymphocyte chemokinesis .
The findings suggest escin can synergize with glucocorticoids to enhance their anti-inflammatory effect .
They also failed to synergize with the microtubule-destabilizing agents vinblastine and 2-methoxyestradiol .
These findings suggest that TX+D synergize in the suppression of fetal renin expression .
The growing presence of national and international biobank networks will allow biobanks to synergize .
These opposing defects may synergize to greatly increase the toxicity of DNA replication stress .
Bcl-xL and p19 ARF loss together synergize to further accelerate Myc oncogenesis .
Estrogen may also synergize with nonaromatizable androgens and control behavior .
Intraovarian peptides synergize with and potentiate gonadotropin actions in ovarian follicular development .
Corticosteroids both synergize with and antagonize the effects of insulin .
Contaminating peptides had no cytokine-inducing activity and did not synergize with purified groEL .
Agonists acting at alpha2-adrenergic receptors ( alpha2ARs ) produce antinociception and synergize with opioids .
By contrast theophylline was highly apoptotic but did not synergize with cAMP inducers .
iMICA did not synergize this cytotoxicity .
Increasing evidence suggests that TLR expressed by DC can cooperate to synergize their functions .
Certain inactive PQS analogues were also found to strongly synergize PQS-dependent pyoverdine production .
DHEA did not synergize or antagonize the antiplasmodial effect of several antimalarial drugs .
CRM1 and BRAF inhibition synergize and induce tumor regression in BRAF-mutant melanoma .
Both substances together produced an additive effect but they did not synergize .
Pharmacological applications of jasmonic acid and ethylene also synergize the induced accumulation of kauralexins .
Histone deacetylase inhibitors synergize p300 autoacetylation that regulates its transactivation activity and complex formation .
The combination of anti-A33 MAb and anti-B5 MAb did not synergize the protective efficacy .
Among trigeminal contributions , lingual nerve and inferior alveolar nerve may synergize taste .
Mtx toxins synergize Bacillus sphaericus and Cry11Aa against susceptible and insecticide-resistant Culex quinquefasciatus larvae .
Small molecule inhibitors of ERCC1-XPF protein-protein interaction synergize alkylating agents in cancer cells .
