A single-step environmental friendly approach is employed to synthesize silver nanoparticles .
Microwave protocol as an ecologically new method was used to synthesize the target compounds .
A facile route to synthesize silver nanoparticles in polyelectrolyte capsules .
Soluble and single-membrane-spanning enzymes called guanylyl cyclases ( GC ) synthesize cGMP .
An innovative approach to synthesize highly-ordered TiO2 nanotubes .
Though widespread in plants , urochordates are the only animals that synthesize cellulose .
Males are unable to synthesize VTG except after E2 treatment .
A meta-analysis was undertaken to synthesize the enrollment rates by referral strategy .
These results indicate that growing oocytes are able to synthesize HSP70 after heat shock .
Osteoblasts synthesize bone in polarized groups of cells sealed by tight junctions .
Foamy viruses ( FVs ) synthesize the Pol precursor protein from a specific transcript .
Plants subjected to postharvest abiotic stresses synthesize secondary metabolites with health-promoting properties .
Therefore , skin expresses multiple enzymes that synthesize and metabolize lipids .
The probe is easy to design and synthesize .
A review was conducted to synthesize and critique studies of coping in AWC .
Keratinocytes synthesize and activate cortisol .
Parathyroid cells synthesize and release endothelin-1 ( ET-1 ) .
Pulmonary alveolar type II cells synthesize and secrete phospholipids and surfactant proteins .
Hepatic stellate cells are activated and synthesize connective tissue ( fibrosis ) .
To synthesize cyclin-dependent kinase ( CDKs ) inhibitors and assay their antitumor activities .
However , humans do not have a PCS gene and do not synthesize phytochelatins .
Neurons and astrocytes both synthesize retinyl esters and reduce retinal into retinol .
We synthesize literatures from multiple disciplines and critically review the evidence for each pathway .
Pancreatic beta cells synthesize neuropeptide Y and can rapidly release peptide co-transmitters .
In contrast , these cells did not synthesize DNA , nor did they replicate .
Airway smooth muscle cells can also synthesize 5-oxo-ETE , but to a lesser extent .
In particular , human keratinocytes synthesize neurotrophins and endorphins and express their receptors .
A fungal nonribosomal peptide synthetase module that can synthesize thiopyrazines .
Forearm diaphyseal fractures : which bone to synthesize first ?
The data indicate that endothelial cells synthesize LTC4 from LTA4 .
