Prevention and intervention approaches can target common causes of diverse public health problems .
Most did not target patients with ALI .
Many therapeutic options target B cells or plasma cells .
There are several examples of membrane-associated protein domains that target curved membranes .
Further research into the pathogen-specific burden is needed to better target intervention strategies .
Traditional approaches have attempted to target the disease when it is already symptomatic .
Either NLS1 or NLS2 alone was sufficient to target LRH-1 to the nucleus .
Oncogenomics to target myeloma in the bone marrow microenvironment .
This example of ethnic inequity highlights the importance to target those most in need .
Pitfalls in target mRNA quantification for real-time quantitative RT-PCR in overload-induced skeletal muscle hypertrophy .
Identification of kinase inhibitors that target transcription initiation by RNA polymerase II .
In contrast , most papers reporting empirical studies did not specifically target equity aspects .
To facilitate EBPE adoption , dissemination efforts should target both principals and PE teachers .
They target extracellular molecules , and either label or inhibit them .
All Plasmodium species target host erythrocytes and replicate asexually within this niche .
miR-132 and miR-212 are increased in pancreatic cancer and target the retinoblastoma tumor suppressor .
Clean image synthesis and target numerical marching for optical imaging with backscattering light .
Surgical approaches are simulated and target coordinates calculated .
Prevention approaches that target bullying perpetration and victimisation are necessary .
Of five surveillance performance indicators , three were found as per WHO target .
Control efforts should target this vulnerable group to reduce its prevalence .
One such promising angiogenic approach is to target and inhibit angiogenesis with vaccines .
This protein has been shown to specifically target and destroy alveolar macrophages 2 .
It can also be used to target and assess health education interventions .
Physician respectful attitudes may be important to target in improving communication with patients .
Then we screened the miRNAs that may target to 5'-UTR using online analysis programs .
Alzheimer disease--no target for statin treatment .
CD1d-antibody fusion proteins target iNKT cells to the tumor and trigger long-term therapeutic responses .
Antidepressants commonly target serotonin clearance via serotonin transporters and have variable clinical effects .
LTBPs target the growth factor into the ECM and expose it to activating mechanisms .
