This shift prompted educators to readdress the best way to teach these two modalities .
It is therefore possible to teach aesthetic surgery to residents .
Anesthesiology training programs are required to teach these algorithms .
Nursing schools to teach new ways to cope with death .
Music lessons : what musicians can teach doctors ( and other health professionals ) .
The use of simulation to teach clinical skills in obstetrics .
Simulation exercises have long been used to teach management skills in business schools .
To determine the methods used to teach surgical airway management to residents .
Do psychoanalysis and the unconsciousness have something to teach us about consciousness ?
How can we teach EBM in clinical practice ?
A framework to teach self-reflection for the remedial resident .
What can development teach us about menopause ?
It can simultaneously expedite diagnostic evaluations and teach the best utilization of imaging examinations .
Third , a preventive intervention was designed to teach coping skills and enhance self-esteem .
Findings support nursing interventions that empower and teach self-management techniques .
Agreement on how to define , teach , and evaluate this skill is lacking .
Application of PEEP therapy is difficult to teach and demonstrate clearly .
An implementation strategy is proposed to teach and assess cataract surgical competence .
Citations : the rules they did n't teach you .
Most programs teach lumbar before thoracic epidurals .
Indeed , we pay little more than lip-service to the ideal we teach about .
Thoracic epidurals are safe to teach without prior experience with lumbar epidurals .
[Speaking with images. Audiovisual communication materials. When and how to teach with slides ] .
In addition , it is easy to learn and teach to patients .
All medical schools teach some medical ethics but there are not enough trained teachers .
This prompted us to reflect on what and how we teach psychiatry .
Hurricane Katrina : disasters teach us and we must learn .
CASES 101 : learning to teach with cases .
Teaching medical teachers how to teach in Lagos , Nigeria .
[What nursing instructors teach in consumer planning and social service planning ] .
