Afflicted patients tend to be elderly with multiple infirmities often with cardio-pulmonary dysfunction .
Solitary fibrous tumors tend to be well-defined , ovoid , heterogeneously enhancing lesions .
These malignancies tend to be associated with a poor prognosis and disease course .
Its cortex is wide and layers tend to merge .
Complications tend to be minor and do not affect postreconstruction adjuvant therapy .
The symptoms tend either to disappear or exacerbate with time passing .
Thus , certain amino acids tend to group together to form local clouds .
Erythrocytes tend to aggregate during an inflammatory process .
Due to feelings of shame , patients often tend to conceal their obsessive-compulsive symptoms .
Most liver cysts are asymptomatic and tend to have a benign clinical course .
LBHs tend to represent smaller communities and are primarily appointed .
Such infections are rare and tend to respond well to therapy .
Plant cells in suspension culture tend to aggregate and form large clumps .
In some patients , the cysts tend to recur and repeated evacuations are necessary .
The aetiology remains uncertain but the authors tend in favour of an atheromatous aetiology .
Fixations from different observers are often consistent-observers tend to look at the same locations .
Disabilities occur frequently after very preterm birth and tend to aggregate .
In the distal nerve branches large axons tend to be grouped together .
Fragile sites on chromosomes are points at which rearrangements tend to occur nonrandomly .
These extra profits attract newcomers so that profits tend to fall over time .
Second , what individuals tend to be served in state mental hospitals today ?
According to the model , phytochemicals tend to prevent germination at low seed densities .
Family relations appear little satisfying even if over time they tend to improve .
Because of their positive charge the hydrogen bonds tend to repel holes .
The lesions sometimes appear plaquelike and tend to ulcerate .
Second-degree students are highly motivated and tend to excel academically .
They are larger , tend to infiltrate , and are very aggressive neoplasms .
There is a high recurrence rate because lymphangiomas tend to infiltrate the surrounding tissues .
Advice for those who tend others with chronic disease : take care of yourself .
These Formica workers then tend the Polyergus brood , workers , and reproductives .
