Microparticles can be loaded with immune regulatory substances to control and terminate inflammatory processes .
We demonstrate that mgtL translation is required to prematurely terminate mgtA transcription .
Our data also indicate that high frequency of odorant spike encounters terminate upstream movement .
Such trials can terminate at any of the intermediate stages or the final stage .
Most excitatory synapses terminate on dendritic spines .
These axons terminate in characteristic globose structures resembling the glomeruli of the olfactory bulb .
Anatomical studies have shown that D1STR neurons have collaterals that terminate in GP .
Axon collaterals of basolateral nucleus pyramidal cells appear to terminate among the intercalated cells .
Other axons pass in normal fashion in SO and ascend to terminate in SGS .
KIF4 is required to terminate midzone elongation in late anaphase .
The parents refused cordocentesis and decided to terminate pregnancy in the 21st week .
One patient with twins elected to terminate the pregnancy at 19 weeks .
Lidocaine ( 100 mg i.v. ) did not terminate VT .
[Pharmacological study on the effect of testosterone propionate to terminate early pregnancy ] .
Two tetracycline patients did however terminate participation in the study due to itching .
This effect may terminate fungal epidemics of Daphnia as lakes cool in autumn .
Variation in the decision to terminate pregnancy in the setting of fetal aneuploidy .
Upregulation of TSP-1 , in contrast , may terminate the postischemic angiogenesis .
Cases which did not terminate spontaneously were administered the same treatment the next day .
Subsequently , the B-tubule protofilaments terminate individually .
Rods from different parts of the dentate nucleus terminate independently of one another .
Nucleoside analogues can incorporate into DNA and terminate DNA strand elongation .
Prostaglandins are mainly used in clinical medicine for midterm abortion and to terminate pregnancy .
Inhibition of GABA aminotransferase increases the concentration of GABA and can terminate the convulsions .
Telomeres of most investigated species terminate with short repeats and are elongated by telomerase .
Slow firing changes terminate with reinforcers and possibly with auditory stimuli and behavioral responses .
These neurons terminate within the brain and their cell bodies lie within the protocerebrum .
The pigment cells narrow more proximally and terminate at the proximal basement membrane .
The dendrites are varicose and terminate in presumed growth cones .
These bands frequently bifurcate or terminate in blind endings .
