Mild exposure of cells to nocodazole and cytochalasin B , disrupts the tether .
Flexible linkers are often found to tether binding sequence motifs or connect protein domains .
One solution is to photochemically tether agonists to their binding sites .
SNARE status regulates tether recruitment and function in homotypic COPII vesicle fusion .
UHRF1 appears to tether DNMT1 to chromatin through its direct interaction with DNMT1 .
This chemistry has been used to tether cyclic AMP to a Sepharose gel .
Myosin-Vb functions as a dynamic tether for peripheral endocytic compartments during transferrin trafficking .
Sedimentation-induced tether on a settling vesicle .
In some cases , reactants are difficult or impossible to tether to DNA oligonucleotides .
During the enzymatic cycle the motor shortens the tether contour length .
Strategy to tether organometallic ruthenium-arene anticancer compounds to recombinant human serum albumin .
The mandibular ligaments tether the overlying skin to the anterior mandible .
Performance of brush-type HPLC chiral stationary phases with tertiary amide in the connecting tether .
Modification of tubeless percutaneous nephrolithotomy : anterograde stent with flank tether .
The tether also significantly reduces the apparent entropy of activation .
Tethered particle motion as a diagnostic of DNA tether length .
A tether controlled exo-selective trans-annular Diels-Alder ( TADA ) reaction .
Surface viscosity measurements from large bilayer vesicle tether formation .
Spinal growth modulation with posterior unilateral elastic tether in immature swine model .
The carbamate group was used as the tether between the alkene and the nitrene .
Double pigtail ( D-P ) stent catheter with tether in Kock pouch ileal reservoir .
Equisetum MLG is firmly wall-bound , and may tether neighbouring microfibrils .
Tether formation force and tether force were measured in static and dynamic conditions .
Dynein binds to beta-catenin and may tether microtubules at adherens junctions .
Vimentin may tether circulating GAS to injured muscle , and NSAIDs enhance this process .
Himbacine analogs as muscarinic receptor antagonists--effects of tether and heterocyclic variations .
The ECoG was recorded in conscious rats via a tether and swivel system .
