34 % of physicians think that off label use is risky .
Social networking and the workplace : think before you post .
Treatment of hepatic encephalopathy with rifaximin : more to think about .
Metaphors we think with : the role of metaphor in reasoning .
This work has changed the way we think about how brains develop .
We must think outside the box to understand nonadherence .
How to think about stress-induced cardiomyopathy ? --Think " out of the box " !
And even then , we need to think about how to offer it .
They also provide a simple way to think about the simulated dynamics .
Recalcitrant generalized eruption and low alkaline phosphatase : think zinc .
The ' undertaking ' doctrine may not be what you think ! White v .
Hepatocellular carcinoma without cirrhosis : think acute hepatic porphyrias and vice versa .
What do physicians think of somatoform disorders ?
Training in hospitals : what do GP specialist trainees think of workplace-based assessments ?
Reduction of central line complications : think ' procedure ' before ' gadget ' .
Emergence and spread of multi-drug resistant organisms : think globally and act locally .
Infections/illnesses. Whooping cough--more common than we think ... and measles is still with us .
During the process it became more and more clear how OTs think and act .
England 's cancer plan needs an overhaul , think tank says .
All participating investigators attributed much of their success to think tank participation .
Attorney general issues subpoenas regarding think tank .
Fluid intelligence is the ability to think flexibly and to understand abstract relations .
All students were allowed 1 min to think and to record their answers .
Permanent education : a tool to think and act in nursing work .
How do homeless adolescents think of health and perceive their own health status ?
Such a method allows students to think for themselves and develop confidence and responsibility .
I can think of no better reason to support CISD and encourage its development .
Find a quiet room and think about nursing .
Eat , drink but think of tomorrow .
We only have to take that quantum leap and think in new ways .
