Publication bias and related types of small-study effects threaten the validity of systematic reviews .
Inbreeding and a consequent loss of genetic diversity threaten small , isolated populations .
Documented workarounds , such as bypassing safety features , threaten patient safety .
Many of these substances are generally believed to threaten the health of our environment .
This might reduce compliance and threaten the validity of the assessment .
Heed these warnings , but do n't let " pharmaphobia " threaten your heart .
Rates of premature birth are alarming and threaten societies and healthcare systems worldwide .
These synthetic compounds are resistant to natural degradation and threaten the environment .
Foreign bodies aspirated into respiratory tract may produce severe lung damage and threaten life .
Employers threaten job cuts after unions stand firm on pay .
On Pacific islands non-native rats and mongooses threaten many native species .
Affect configurations and changes in women who threaten suicide following a crisis .
Taken together , they can threaten study validity and lead to inconclusive results .
Emerging pandemics threaten global health and economies and are increasing in frequency .
Laryngeal involvement may threaten airway patency and can be fatal if not addressed promptly .
The health consequences of this epidemic threaten to overwhelm health-care systems in the region .
Limited block grant battles threaten even best planning .
Unions threaten to disrupt NHS .
When patents threaten science .
Corynetoxins also threaten human health as potential contaminants of the food supply .
Screening was perceived to threaten reimbursement by 27 % .
German doctors threaten to boycott patient record project .
Flying insects threaten to deafen Japan .
Banks threaten to hit FTs with rate hike over debt guarantees .
Big HMOs bolted from some markets and threaten to leave others .
Negative age stereotypes are pervasive and threaten older adults ' self-esteem .
By obstructing subglottic air passage these tumours can threaten life and often require tracheostomy .
