Integrins traffic rapidly via circular dorsal ruffles and macropinocytosis during stimulated cell migration .
Regulation of membrane traffic by integrin signaling .
How neutrophils traffic during inflammation in vivo remains elusive .
Phosphorylated nucleoside analogues have been shown to traffic through gap junctions .
A vesicle carrier that mediates peroxisome protein traffic from the endoplasmic reticulum .
AAV vectors failed to traffic efficiently to the nucleus in these cells .
Comparing road traffic mortality rates from police-reported data and death registration data in China .
Nonintrusive system for road traffic detection and characterization .
An adenovirus traffic update : from receptor engagement to the nuclear pore .
Provider traffic adversely affected containment .
Alcohol and lipid traffic do n't mix .
Road traffic and childhood leukemia : the ESCALE study ( SFCE ) .
Chromaffin granules are involved in catecholamine synthesis and traffic in the adrenal glands .
CAR T cells were able to traffic into tumors with varying efficiency and proliferate .
Modeling the coevolution of topology and traffic on weighted technological networks .
Immunoreactive E-cadherin peptides did not traffic to the cell surface and localize to junctions .
In addition , caveolins traffic and cluster estrogen receptors to caveolae .
Plasma membrane neurotransmitter transporters rapidly traffic to and from the cell surface in neurons .
Nanoparticle traffic on helical tracks : thermophoretic mass transport through carbon nanotubes .
Offering assistance at road traffic incidents while off duty .
In silico ADMET traffic lights as a tool for the prioritization of HTS hits .
They are positively linked to traffic but negatively associated with pedestrian activity .
The distribution and traffic of specific homocytotropic antibody-synthesizing cells in Nippostrongylus brasiliensis-infested rats .
BDNF regulates the expression and traffic of NMDA receptors in cultured hippocampal neurons .
" Should we call last orders on drunks and traffic cones in A&E " ?
Microsomal epoxide hydroxylase genotypes/diplotypes , traffic air pollution , and childhood asthma .
[Annoyance due to street traffic and aircraft noise ] .
Autonomic arousals related to traffic noise during sleep .
Caveolin is required to traffic the AT1 receptor through the exocytic pathway .
This demonstrated delayed traffic of Y210C 4-sulfatase to the lysosomal compartment .
