Is pre-existing fMRI data being used effectively to train new students in the field ?
Change GME in order to train more primary-care docs , fewer specialists .
Perhaps , different training strategies would be performed to train different COPD phenotypes .
Real-coded genetic algorithm was used to train the network in an unsupervised manner .
Cultivating quality : a program to train inpatient pediatric nurses in insulin pump use .
Medical education needs to be improved to train doctors to deal with advance directives .
Uniformly stable backpropagation algorithm to train a feedforward neural network .
Estimates also were restricted to schools that train physicians and nurses .
Intensive physiotherapy to train the dorsiflexion .
A database of 143 biopsies was used to train and examine the proposed system .
The AR coefficients are used to train and test the ANNs .
A leave-one-out cross-validation was performed to repeatedly train and test the automatic classification system .
Reach out and train somebody .
Fewer stapes operations are available to train residents and to maintain individual competence .
Financial resources and strong leadership impacted agency capacity to train providers and implement EBPs .
Thereafter the patient was able to train without pain .
Advising deaf youth to train for various occupations : attitudes of significant others .
The need to train for IMC ( instrument meteorological conditions ) .
TPM left the progressive lengthening of the CSP during the rTMS train unchanged .
Work problems associated with suburban train driving .
Individuals who train intensively may be at special risk due to repeated increased losses .
Athletes consuming these supplements could train with higher exercise intensity .
Finally , they train with additional clinical cases .
Pilots should train in approaches and landings to conduct a higher level of proficiency .
Pulse train fluorescence technique for measuring triplet state dynamics .
Summation and inhibition by ultrarapid train pacing in the human ventricle .
In some countries the medical schools train nurse-midwives .
Women who train and compete in road cycling as their primary sport .
Many envenomations , however , occur in environments where athletes train and compete .
Health officials should train and supervise traditional providers .
