Boluses were programmed to transmit RuT every 15 min .
These marks are maintained throughout the asexual blood cycle to transmit the epigenetic memory .
An important question in neural information processing is how neurons cooperate to transmit information .
Highly resistive wires transmit intracardiac electrograms and currents for intracardiac pacing .
Contrast imaging by non-overlapping dual frequency band transmit pulse complexes .
Third harmonic transmit phasing for SNR improvement in tissue harmonic imaging with Golay-encoded excitation .
Beamforming is modified to transmit frames with N alternating center frequencies .
In the future we hope to transmit results directly to the laboratory computer .
All attempts to transmit these isolates with Rhipicephalus appendiculatus were unsuccessful .
GPCRs transmit signals through heterotrimeric G proteins composed of Galpha and Gbetagamma subunits .
The local specialists transmit these data to the Republican Postmortem Center ( Tashkent ) .
Men transmit MS more often to their children vs women : the Carter effect .
Clinically normal cats with high chlamydiae-specific antibody titers can shed and thus transmit chlamydiae .
Nurses must have a method to share health information and transmit nursing data .
It also allowed for further optimization with respect to electrical matching and transmit waveform .
Specific phosphorylations transmit signals from leukocyte beta2 to beta1 integrins and regulate adhesion .
Thrombosed stent-grafts and aneurysms can transmit systemic arterial pressure and cause late rupture .
These adhesion receptors therefore transmit mechanical stresses and are well positioned to mediate mechanotransduction .
[Infections which humans in the household transmit to dogs and cats ] .
The module was able to transmit into another IS26-containing plasmid by recombination .
No video failed to transmit correctly on the first attempt .
It recorded the reflection of feet and transmit them to a computer .
By 260 days pigs became seronegative and did not transmit virus to sentinel pigs .
Transgenic individuals are viable , fertile and transmit the rhEPO gene to the offspring .
Tendons transmit skeletal muscle forces to bone and are essential in all voluntary movement .
Phlebotomine sand flies transmit the haemoflagellate Leishmania , the causative agent of human leishmaniasis .
Occasionally these viruses transmit to other mammals , including humans .
How far droplets can move is related to how far droplet-borne diseases can transmit .
