DNA charge transport over 34 nm .
Drug transport in brain via the cerebrospinal fluid .
A mathematical model for lactate transport to red blood cells .
Dentoalveolar transport osteodistraction and canine distalization .
The effect of female hormones upon urate transport systems in the mouse kidney .
Air medical crews can safely transport this potentially unstable patient population .
In most cases , several motors transport each filament .
Sequential maxillary bifocal transport distraction osteogenesis after radiotherapy .
Cell-penetrating peptides ( CPPs ) can transport macromolecular cargos into live cells .
Supraperiosteal transport distraction osteogenesis for reconstructing a segmental defect of the mandible .
Nonhomogeneous active stress profiles create patterns of flow which transport stress regulators by advection .
From transcription to transport : emerging roles for nuclear myosin I .
Point-contact transport properties of strongly correlated electrons on liquid helium .
The mutant pendrin ( p.R776C ) retained its ability to transport iodide in vitro .
Melanosomes are lysosome-related organelles that synthesize , store and transport melanin .
Use of telemedicine and helicopter transport to improve stroke care in remote locations .
Quantification of protein interactions and solution transport using high-density GMR sensor arrays .
Electronic structures and charge transport of stacked annelated beta-trithiophenes .
Non-coherent transport in carbon chains .
Glucose-1-phosphate transport into protoplasts and chloroplasts from leaves of Arabidopsis .
Cellular-scale transport in deformed skeletal muscle following spinal cord injury .
It was specific for glutamine and did not transport other dicarboxylates except l-glutamate .
The pathways were assumed to be independent and transport different proteins .
Myosin-motors are conserved from yeast to human and transport a great variety of cargoes .
Epidermal LC trap and transport the nanomedicine to draining lymph nodes .
Living cells uptake gold nanoparticles and transport these particles through an endosomal pathway .
PGMVs transport endogenous cAMP to the extracellular compartment and metabolize extracellular cAMP to adenosine .
Systemically administered brain-targeted nanoparticles transport peptides across the blood-brain barrier and provide neuroprotection .
Astrocytes transport the monocarboxylate acetate , but synaptosomes do not .
Various carriers transport hydrophilic compounds and extrude potentially toxic xenobiotics .
