Imatinib was the first to transform the outcomes of this disease .
Agrobacterium tumefaciens bearing the pChsp65 plasmid was used to transform tobacco plants .
Mustard gas exposure was found to transform the age scale for developing lung cancer .
We were able to transform 29 cases of HSC-BPPV from apogeotropic to geotropic .
Several algorithms are available to transform colored digital images into simulated dichromatic color perception .
We encoded a depression screening guideline using GLIF to transform it into a CIG .
Two-dimensional grating-based X-ray phase-contrast imaging using Fourier transform phase retrieval .
Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy of 2'-deoxycytidine aggregates in CDCl3 solutions .
Holistic nurse coach leadership can transform healthcare .
Dispersion curves are obtained experimentally by short time Fourier transform of the transient signals .
Form II was found to transform into form I at intermediate pressures .
Utilizing a constant peak width transform for isothermal gas chromatography .
Fourier transform infrared spectroscopic analysis of normal and torn rotator-cuff tendons .
Fast Fourier transform demonstrated well-correlated dominant frequencies between CE and NCVE .
An efficient algorithm for denoising MR and CT images using digital curvelet transform .
The first section focuses on how new technology can transform vitamin K antagonist therapy .
They transform people from content consumers into content producers .
Local variational methods can transform the binary observation process into a quadratic form .
The sparse matrix transform for covariance estimation and analysis of high dimensional signals .
Interpolation by fast Wigner transform for rapid calculations of magnetic resonance spectra from powders .
Uterine epithelial cells transform into a receptive state to adhere to an implanting blastocyst .
I discuss enzymes which transform carbohydrates and incorporate halogens .
These are highly activated and transform NIH-3T3 cells .
Compression of multispectral images by spectral classification and transform coding .
B95-8 virus can transform HUCLs but cannot superinfect Raji cells .
P3HR-1 virus can transform HUCLs cells but cannot transform HUCLs .
NPC - KT virus can transform HUCLs and can superinfect Raji cells .
Visual acuity measurement using evoked potentials and fast Fourier transform .
Skin from penis was highly susceptible , but skin from abdomen did not transform .
The elderly may transform and eliminate most drugs as efficiently as do younger persons .
