Carbon nanotube films as a platform to transduce molecular recognition events in metalloporphyrins .
Lentiviral particles were used to transduce patient-derived fibroblasts with these U1 variants .
They also penetrate and transduce solid human tumor tissue derived from patient biopsies .
These modules rapidly amplify and transduce extracellular signals into various appropriate intracellular responses .
These ganglion cells are unique in their ability to transduce light into electrical energy .
These channels are believed to transduce pressure signals into intracellular biochemical and physiological events .
Mechanosensitive ion channel transduce physical stresses to cells by the response of electro-chemicals exchange .
Handicapped retroviral vectors efficiently transduce foreign genes into hematopoietic stem cells .
The activated GPCRs transduce their signals via heterotrimeric G-proteins .
Ad transduce many cell types including postmitotic neurons .
Human receptors patched and smoothened partially transduce hedgehog signal when expressed in Drosophila cells .
Transcription factors ultimately transduce the proliferation signals elicited by growth factors .
Fungal histidine kinase receptors ( HKRs ) sense and transduce many extracellular signals .
They produce and transduce electrical signals .
This type 2 IL-1 receptor binds ligand but does not transduce a signal .
They efficiently transduce dendritic cells and stimulate strong T-cell responses against the encoded antigen .
Lentiviral vector carrying recombinant IL-24 gene can effectively transduce hBMSCs and express IL-24 protein .
Genetic evidence suggests that ephrins may transduce signals and become tyrosine phosphorylated during embryogenesis .
Construct retroviral vector containing the gene of SEA and transduce it into HHCC cells .
Adeno-associated virus-based vectors are able to efficiently transduce and stably persist in RPE cells .
The apoptotic program utilizes cellular membranes to transduce and generate operative signals .
The viruses were also tested for the ability to transduce and mature dendritic cells .
A549 cells transduce by these vectors were co-cultured with immature human DCs .
TAT-HO-1 can transduce efficiently into liver during cold storage .
Furthermore , both TAT fusion proteins rapidly enter cultured cells and transduce into mitochondria .
