Further studies are needed to transfer these results into daily clinical practice .
Protein-O-mannosyltransferases ( Pmt ) transfer mannosyl residues to secretory proteins .
Various efforts have been made to transfer the clostridial 1-butanol pathway into other microorganisms .
Innovative methodology to transfer conventional GC-MS heroin profiling to UHPLC-MS/MS .
We found that rAAV2 can successfully transfer the hBMP-7 gene into canine NP cells .
Str probably also transfer reduced sulfur onto substrates as large as peptides or proteins .
Importantly , B cells from tolerant recipients are able to transfer allograft tolerance .
The elusive half-pole in the frequency domain transfer function of Peltier thermoelectric devices .
Biceps-to-triceps transfer technique .
Technology transfer at the University of Nebraska Medical Center .
Noninvasive repetitive imaging of somatostatin receptor 2 gene transfer with positron emission tomography .
Digital image correlation analysis of the load transfer by implant-supported restorations .
Unified description of charge transfer mechanisms and vibronic dynamics in nanoscale junctions .
The 2 systems thus apparently transfer comparable amounts of heat .
We transfer this species to the genus Lycodonomorphus Fitzinger , 1843 .
Promicromonospora yunnanensis AS4.1333 was proposed to transfer into Cellulosimicrobium cellulans .
UpDate : appropriate health care technology transfer to developing countries .
Such conditioned behaviour is difficult to transfer to an unconditioned or another conditioned response .
Both xylosyltransferases are Golgi-resident enzymes and transfer xylose to similar core proteins acceptors .
Caeruloplasmin and albumin re-activate and transfer copper to the enzyme in culture .
Photosynthetic organisms have light-harvesting complexes that absorb and transfer energy efficiently to reaction centers .
Changes in rat liver transfer RNA following growth hormone administration and in regenerating liver .
Previously we reported that the Drosophila MTP transfers phospholipids but does not transfer triglycerides .
Elicitins trap and transfer sterols from micelles , liposomes and plant plasma membranes .
You have to define core processes , transfer power , and redesign work .
Seven cases did not transfer to the database and were eliminated from further study .
Homeoproteins transcription factors can transfer between cells and play important roles in development .
These residues could transfer to food products and accumulate in fat tissues .
