S818L does not bind aldosterone or activate transcription or translocate into the nucleus .
The partially loaded Na+ - only forms are unable to translocate across the membrane .
Mitochondria shrink and translocate toward the nucleus .
AIF mutants that cannot translocate into nucleus failed to induce cell death .
We also determined whether RTX induced P-gp to translocate out of lipid rafts .
Instead of being recycled or proteolysed , they sometimes translocate to the nucleus .
AAA ( + ) unfoldases denature and translocate polypeptides into associated peptidases .
Bacteriophage phi29 utilizes a motor to translocate genomic DNA into a preformed procapsid .
Eukaryotic cells are dependent on their ability to translocate membraneous elements about the cytoplasm .
Following xenobiotic stimuli , receptors translocate into the nucleus and transactivate its target genes .
Activated Erk1/2 and Smad2/3 translocate independently into the nucleus and regulate gene expression .
The phagocytic monocytes/macrophages then translocate to regional lymph nodes and present apoptotic cell-derived antigens .
IGFBP-3 , a secreted protein , can be internalized and translocate to the nucleus .
HIF-beta subunits are stable regardless of oxygen concentration and constitutively translocate to the nucleus .
The dendritic cells differentiate in the sinusoid and translocate to the Glisson 's sheath .
This signal peptide was previously shown to translocate lipoprotein efficiently .
Here , we have examined the ability of the Sec-translocase to translocate folded preproteins .
Nanomelic chondrocytes synthesize , but fail to translocate , a truncated aggrecan precursor .
Chromatin-remodeling complexes can translocate nucleosomes along the DNA in an ATP - coupled reaction .
These findings suggest that insulin can translocate Mg from the extracellular space .
HaXS force protein-protein interactions and can translocate proteins to various cellular compartments .
5- ( Trifluoromethyl ) bacteriorhodopsin does not translocate protons .
Major E. coli heat-stress protein do not translocate : implications for cell survival .
Tat systems translocate folded proteins across biological membranes of prokaryotes and plant plastids .
ClpX hydrolyzes ATP to generate mechanical force and translocate polypeptides through its central pore .
Nonmuscle myosin II exerts tension but does not translocate actin in vertebrate cytokinesis .
These results confirm that AM fungi can take up , translocate and accumulate Cs .
Lysophosphatidylcholine has positive spontaneous curvature and does not translocate .
These mutants have an actively beating flagellum , but cannot translocate .
