This method allows to simultaneously transcribe graphically the responses of the patient .
It was unable to transcribe poly ( rU ) .
The enzyme 's ability to transcribe DNA immobilized on hydrazide - sepharose was revealed .
Both KG1 and KG1a transcribe unrearranged IgH genes .
The in vitro transcription extract does not transcribe yeast tRNA genes .
One of these clones does not transcribe TCR-beta chain mRNA .
Here a method is proposed to transcribe drawn depsipeptide structures in one-line text .
Physicians had to transcribe all BP measurements onto case report forms .
These viruses replicate and transcribe their genomes in the nuclei of infected cells .
Brattleboro rat hypothalamic neurons transcribe vasopressin gene : evidence from in situ hybridization .
In addition , PEER and Lyon-1 cells transcribe a productively rearranged TCR-beta gene .
Distal V beta promoters transcribe novel T-cell receptor-beta transcripts in early development .
We have found that such roots transcribe rbcS genes and contain rbcS mRNA .
Students transcribe the interviews verbatim and write reflective papers .
Xenopus oocytes transcribe cloned yeast tyrosine tRNA genes and process the RNA .
They contain their own genome and are able to transcribe and to translate it .
The researcher used Heideggerian hermeneutical methodology to transcribe and analyze interview texts .
Conversation analysis was used to transcribe and analyse the data .
We will record and transcribe focus groups and interviews and analyse them thematically .
Furthermore , objective tumour response does not automatically transcribe into better survival .
Nucleolar organizer regions [NORs ] are loops of DNA that transcribe to ribosomal RNA .
Nucleolar organizer regions [NORS ] are loops of DNA that transcribe to ribosomal RNA .
Monocytes transcribe and correctly process transcripts encoding the constituent proteins of the ASGPR .
The gene was subcloned so that antisense will transcribe and called pcDNA-rPTR .
These cells transcribe but do not express globin genes prior to induction .
Yeast cells unable to transcribe tcm1 or cyh2 without galactose did not grow .
HIV also possesses the unusual capacity to transcribe from non-integrated DNA .
