Built environment predictors of active travel to school among rural adolescents .
Effect of air travel on exercise-induced coagulatory and fibrinolytic activation in marathon runners .
Patients travel farther to a high-volume hospital and high-volume surgeon .
Those living in deprived areas are less likely to travel to non-local services .
Tlicho women 's medical travel for childbirth .
Anyone needing such services had to travel into Montreal .
Air travel and the risk of thromboembolism .
Hispanics or Native Americans travel farther for care when compared with Caucasians .
Parental awareness of elementary school travel programs .
Need job , will travel : consider locum tenens .
Does Guinness travel well ?
A brief experiment in time travel .
Have balloon , will travel : expanded indications for nonoperative intravascular balloon dilation ?
Coronary artery surgery ; Is it necessary to travel 2,000 miles ?
Following the mixed methods trail : some travel advice .
The tonsillar arteries travel in the connective tissue septa and give off many branches .
These contaminants travel through the medium and ultimately get in contact with the groundwater .
By contrast , cytokinins travel acropetally and promote bud outgrowth .
Legionnaires ' disease and travel in Europe .
[Children and travel to the South. Risk for drug intoxication ] .
This enables MTTFs to travel to the nucleus and modulate gene expression .
Long- and short-haul travel by air : issues for people with diabetes on insulin .
Nonhuman primate model for regional wave travel and reflections along aortas .
[Prior health advice to immigrants who travel to visit family and friends ] .
Three patients communicated their intent to travel abroad before transplantation .
The majority intend to travel abroad upon graduation .
On emotionally intelligent time travel : individual differences in affective forecasting ability .
Many wild primates occupy large home ranges and travel long distances each day .
Travel medicine and travel clinics .
Air pollutants are often invisible and travel many miles virtually undetected .
