Leukaemic T lymphocytes did not take less than 48 h to traverse the spleen .
Radiotherapy of tumors within the thorax often requires radiation beams that traverse lung tissues .
Catheter position in an LSVC appears fluoroscopically to traverse the left pleural space .
Blocking needles walking off the vertebra from a fixed distance frequently traverse vital organs .
The porphyrins need energy to traverse biological membranes .
Such characteristics help the cells traverse this critical barrier .
Many species traverse multiple habitats across ecosystems to complete their life histories .
Dependence of subjective traverse length on velocity of moving tactile stimuli .
Extracellularly-generated oxidants must traverse long distances before interacting with nuclear target molecules .
Microorganisms traverse the follicular epithelium and enter the perivitelline space .
Other peptidergic fibers traverse the median eminence and terminate in the posterior pituitary .
These motifs traverse the conserved protein kinase core and play integrating and regulatory roles .
Calcium ions , however , are required and may traverse the plasma membrane .
Invasive illness occurs after organisms traverse an epithelial boundary and enter deeper tissues .
Critical care transfers are common , and traverse an informal but structured network .
The protein is supposed to traverse the membrane 26 times in a beta-sheet conformation .
Spermatozoa have to traverse the cumulus oophorus before fertilization in vivo .
Some axons from the Probst bundle also managed to traverse midline in this manner .
Individual neurons traverse across these transcriptional states in response to cellular inputs .
Cell cycle traverse in NHIK-3025 carcinoma of the uterine cervix after low-dose-rate irradiation .
The suprascapular nerves and the vessels traverse through the suprascapular foramen of the scapula .
One occlusion was too long to traverse safely in one patient .
The mechanism by which trichomonads traverse the mucous covering is unknown .
