Neuronavigation-assisted VP shunts were used to treat 28 % .
( OFI ) are traditionally used in Mexico to treat diabetes mellitus .
Analysis will be performed according to the intention to treat principle .
The Rex shunt has been used successfully to treat PVT patients since 1998 .
Voriconazole is widely used to treat invasive aspergillosis after lung transplantation .
In addition , it remains challenging to treat cancer metastasis through antiangiogenic regimes .
Insulin infusion to treat severe hypertriglyceridemia associated with pegaspargase therapy : a case report .
Forty percent of urologists stated that they would treat asymptomatic bacteriuria .
Combined therapy : photodynamic therapy and bevacizumab to treat myopic neovascular membranes .
No consensus exists on how to follow-up and treat these patients .
We performed pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy to treat the calcified tumor and multilocular cystic lesions .
[How to diagnose and treat limb apraxia ] .
Hepatolithiasis is a challenging condition to treat especially in patients with previous hepatobiliary surgery .
Patient whose carina is involved by carcinoma is difficult to treat by surgery .
Subjects were permitted to treat at the stage they customarily treated .
Inhalable nanoparticles , a non-invasive approach to treat lung cancer in a mouse model .
Exogenous IFN-gamma can treat hemangioma effectively in a nude mice model .
How I treat late effects in adults after allogeneic stem cell transplantation .
Trick or treat ?
Steroid and tamoxifen therapy is recommended to treat and avoid recurrence of periaortitis .
Statins after intracerebral hemorrhage : to treat or not to treat .
Rolling needle therapy can treat chronic insomnia and increase life quality of the patient .
Community hospital-school partnership to treat asthma episodes at school and improve management .
Hospitals treat many uninsured patients and shoulder substantial amounts of uncompensated care .
This knowledge may aid those who treat SS and in designing intervention studies .
Hysteroscopy is performed to view and treat pathology within the uterine cavity and endocervix .
The controversy over whether or not to treat asymptomatic infants is unresolved as well .
Open bites are known to be difficult malocclusions to treat .
The use of serotonergic drugs to treat obesity--is there any hope ?
Statin treatment for primary prevention of vascular disease : whom to treat ?
