After making a description of these foundational issues , we turn to a series of case studies primarily focused on binding that are intended to illustrate the broad biological reach of equilibrium thinking in biology .
However , alpha-hemolysis did not turn to beta-hemolysis following further enlargement of the colony .
The monomers turn to a random coil state at high temperatures only below ca .
We postulate that hypervigilance , mediated by hyperactivity in corticolimbic structures , may be the common denominator in the anxiety-related traits and ( social ) cognitive superiority of s-allele carriers and that environmental conditions determine whether a response will turn out to be negative ( emotional ) or positive ( cognitive , in conformity with the social group ) .
Hence , the alcohol driving experience intervention program might turn out to be effective and successful in decreasing driving under the influence of alcohol .
Clinically , serum INSL3 levels can turn out to be a usable tool to monitor basal Leydig cell function in patients with various disorders affecting Leydig cell function .
Nurses in the home-care service felt a loss of knowledge with regard to the patients ' medications and in turn experienced reduced ability to give medical information to patients and to observe the effects of the drugs .
It significantly reduces total turn around time of the test result , thereby having the potential to be cost-effective , both for the patient and the hospital .
The therapy took a turn only after biologic therapy with anakinra ( interleukin-1 receptor antagonist ) had started , which minimized the Schnitzler symptoms with very good drug tolerance .
Rapidly , laboratory technicians and biologists are able to turn the system after a few days of training .
Our results indicate that Derlin-1 regulates the turn over of SOD1 by promoting the proteasomal and autophagosomal degradation of SOD1 protein , but not by decreasing mutant SOD1 mRNA levels .
In contrast , the cells destined to become mesoderm activate Tbx6 and turn off enhancer N1 before migrating into the paraxial mesoderm compartment .
A novel technique has been described for repairing penile urethrocutaneous fistula : the PATIO ( ' preserve the tract and turn it inside out ' ) repair .
Alexithymia traits were significantly positively correlated with insecure attachment styles , with psychopathological symptoms , and with the defense mechanism turn against self .
Cathepsins are lysosomal cysteine proteases of the papain family that play an important role in intracellular protein degradation and turn over within the lysosomal system .
We then turn our attention to the identified substrates of eSTKs and eSTPs for a number of species and to the implications of these findings for understanding their physiological roles in these organisms .
For others , autonomy in the widest sense presupposes information , because one cannot be in control of one 's life without at least some insight into what it could turn out to contain .
How do you turn this idea into a business ?
Changes in protein secondary structures turn out to be the driving mechanism of the observed aggregation and they progress in parallel with the growth of Thioflavin T emission intensity and scattering signal .
In the third section , we turn to several forms of implicit emotion regulation , and integrate the burgeoning literature in this area .
This involved analyzing 3D stacks of images over time and uncovered several novel aspects of SVZ migration : chains remain stable , cells can be immotile for extensive periods , morphology does not necessarily correlate with motility , neuroblasts exhibit local exploratory motility , dorsoventral migration occurs throughout the striatal SVZ , and neuroblasts turn at distinctive angles .
Weight loss via gastric bypass surgery can " turn off " and/or correct components of this metabolic program as insulin sensitivity is restored ; however , the impairment in FAO in skeletal muscle remains evident .
Zeeman mixing of singlet and triplet 2P states of positronium ( Ps ) atoms , followed by decay back to the ground state , can effectively turn a long-lived triplet atom into a short-lived singlet state , which would seem to preclude laser cooling of Ps in a magnetic field .
Two experiments were conducted with an eye-tracker in order to determine to what the participants turn their gaze .
