With an anticipated spate of new products still on the horizon and the need to focus now on Medicare 's new drug benefit , health plans and employers are more likely to tweak than overhaul biologics coverage in 2006 .
Glycolysis at 75 : is it time to tweak the first elucidated metabolic pathway in history ?
Alas , our near-total ignorance of what times the aging process makes it hard to guess what genes to tweak , if indeed aging can be mimicked a presto .
Our attempts to tweak the Standard Model to deal with lack of recognition of hybrid class II alleles led us , by surprise , to a quite different framework with which to view TCR function .
Variations in intrinsic and extrinsic factors tweak the sensitivity of the amygdala , giving rise to differences in behavior between individuals .
Such networks often tweak natural regulatory mechanisms , or ' switches ' , in order to achieve the desired function .
Grabbing for the ring : macrocycles tweak the conventions of drug making .
Taking the epigenetic code-as-software analogy a step further , if chemoresistance is the product of multiple nongenetic alterations , which develop and accumulate over time in response to treatment , then the possibility to hack or tweak the operating system and fall back on a " system restore " or " undo " feature , like the arrow icon in the Windows XP toolbar , reconfiguring the tumor to its baseline nonresistant state , holds tremendous promise for turning advanced , metastatic cancer from a fatal disease into a chronic , livable condition .
IPCC : cherish it , tweak it or scrap it ?
Time to tweak the TTO : results from a comparison of alternative specifications of the TTO .
How to tweak a beak : molecular techniques for studying the evolution of size and shape in Darwin 's finches and other birds .
Because at least some advanced tumors remain significantly immunogenic , these new studies add a tweak to the immunoediting hypothesis as well as a rationale to block immunosuppressive mechanisms as a first-line intervention in cancer patients .
We have been trying to imitate , utilize and tweak this system to our advantage by using slightly overlapping and greatly interdependent approaches such as metabolic engineering and systems biology to make nature work for us in an efficient and robust way , without producing toxic waste and/or unnecessary side products .
Researchers tweak " bad " compounds into good medicines .
In present-day times , freely available software allows dentists to tweak their digital records as never before .
We have hypothesized that AI-2 signaling " conditions " cells as a natural consequence of cell-to-cell communication and that this could tweak the signal transduction cascade to alter the protein synthesis landscape .
This article is an abridged version of the history of aspirin that should tweak the interest of pharmacists and anyone interested in a fascinating true-life account of one of the most widely used medications in history .
