Moreover , we show that PGC-1alpha enhances the potential to uncouple oxidative phosphorylation .
Dibromo- and monobromoimidazole do not uncouple oxidative phosphorylation either in vitro or in vivo .
Nitrite and GSSG at pathophysiological concentrations are unlikely to uncouple NOS .
Prodigiosins uncouple lysosomal vacuolar-type ATPase through promotion of H+ / Cl - symport .
We used Tet-inducible IAP gene expression to uncouple this process from virus-driven dynamics .
UCP3 is , like UCP1 , able to uncouple respiration from ATP production .
Mn2+ does not uncouple adenosine " Ra " receptors from the liver adenylate cyclase .
Malfunctions within the Cbl interactome uncouple receptor tyrosine kinases from destructive transport .
Nifedipine may also uncouple renin from aldosterone .
Many drugs differing widely in chemical structure uncouple mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation in vitro .
Mitochondrial uncoupling proteins uncouple oxidative phosphorylation .
Sulfonylurea compounds uncouple the glucose dependence of the insulinotropic effect of glucagon-like peptide 1 .
Bacterial azoreductases uncouple the parent drug and deliver 5-ASA to the colonic mucosa .
Mutations that uncouple the beta-adrenergic receptor from Gs and increase agonist affinity .
They both uncouple mitochondrial respiration and inhibit substrate oxidation and ATP turnover .
Tryptic cleavage inhibits but does not uncouple Ca2+ATPase of sarcoplasmic reticulum .
Tridemorph does not uncouple respiration but inhibits the uncoupled respiration to the same extent .
The general conclusion is that the drugs damage mitochondrial function and uncouple respiration .
Unlike the GJs formed by most Cxs , CO2 did not uncouple Panx-GJs completely .
During these processes the polymerases within the replisome functionally uncouple from one another .
However , myocytes can also rapidly uncouple in response to injury or disease .
These responses also represent an especially difficult challenge to uncouple during DR .
Overall the data produced corroborate the capability of PCP to uncouple oxidative-phosphorylation in mitochondria .
Like other communicating junctions , lens junctions assume crystalline arrays and uncouple with Ca++ .
