However , many are reluctant to undertake teaching , feeling unprepared for the responsibility .
PHC staff require skills to correctly manage these conditions and undertake HIV testing .
Twelve males were recruited to undertake four experimental trials .
The paediatric population present a variety of challenges for clinicians who undertake Baha surgery .
Patients should undertake follow-up programs in order to receive counseling from health professionals .
This review will undertake an explanation of the current literature on this topic .
Preparing to undertake research in the NHS : the novice 's guide .
Musculoskeletal conditions can impair people 's ability to undertake physical activity as they age .
We tried to undertake DOTS in cooperation with local health centers .
Students undertake structured placements within clinical pathology laboratories as part of their degree .
Findings revealed that the blind trainees could effectively undertake farming activities despite their disability .
In addition , we undertake analysis of the associated travelling-wave behaviour .
The majority of graduates planned to specialize and undertake further study .
Each student is required to undertake a research project and write a report .
Lectins are universally expressed in different organisms and undertake important biological roles .
Continuing professional education ( CPE ) is a very significant activity nurses should undertake .
We describe some of the physical and functional interactions these NLRs undertake .
Care workers who undertake delegated medication administration should receive regular training to ensure safety .
Implementation intentions specify exactly when and where an individual will undertake an activity .
Clinical pharmacologists undertake many tasks , and this makes defining a curriculum challenging .
They often undertake investigations , prescribe medication or alter the baby 's diet .
A major objective of this article is to undertake such a theoretical formulation .
The approach is both feasible and important to undertake at the national level .
Rosenhan to undertake such an " experiment " .
However , not all work that children undertake in agriculture is bad for them .
These studies disregard the fact that few pacemaker recipients voluntarily undertake such activities .
Survival training is too important for flight crews to undertake only once per year .
