Monitoring of these intracellular nucleotides is important to understand their pharmacology .
The secondary objective was to understand the perceived advantages and disadvantages of dermoscopy use .
Further research is required to understand these differential effects .
The reader will understand the current status of agents undergoing clinical evaluation for tuberculosis .
This sets a prerequisite to better understand the response and resistance mechanisms of rituximab .
These will further help us to understand the mechanism of mutagenesis by ion implantation .
Most patients found friends who understand their situation and who are a big support .
This work should help understand T1D etiology and develop novel immune-based therapeutic interventions .
Binaural hearing improves our ability to understand speech and to localize sounds .
Schools were selected by ability to understand and respond in English .
VBCI is used to understand and analyze the DFT results .
In addition , surface thermodynamics was applied to understand and predict surface sampling performance .
This helps to understand various phenomena in the development of dissecting aneurysm .
RDWP was a useful tool to understand particle/moisture interaction under pressure .
Future research aimed to better understand effective methods for increasing physical activity remains essential .
Study results will help clinicians and emergency officials understand needs related to evacuation preparedness .
Five complicated tax items you should understand .
Seek to understand .
Experienced dosimetry practitioners will understand the uncertainties and treat monitoring results with due caution .
We can n't feel their pain , but we can understand their fears .
Simulations as analytical tools to understand protein aggregation and predict amyloid conformation .
We should understand surgical treatment as part of the multidisciplinary treatment .
Variations in how physiotherapists understand their work on organizational and societal levels .
What do rooks ( Corvus frugilegus ) understand about physical contact ?
This paper describes our efforts to understand and address these challenges .
[How to understand and correctly apply the clinical guideline ] .
blindness , learning difficulties or inability to understand or read English .
Such data are hard to understand completely by inspection and intuition .
Graphic instructions are easier to understand than text-only instructions and less information is better .
Extreme displacement was not more difficult to understand than moderate displacement .
