Hospital staff underestimate carers ' emotional distress and need for information .
How and why DNA barcodes underestimate the diversity of microbial eukaryotes .
Childhood constipation in Taiwan : do we underestimate its existence ?
Moreover , farmers tended to underestimate these costs .
The TEE tends to underestimate the dimensions of aortic annulus .
However , some did overestimate the surgical mortality and underestimate the associated survival benefit .
XRA underestimate the diameter at the three locations ( <15-22 % ) .
Published norms underestimate the health-related quality of life among persons with type 2 diabetes .
In addition , screening at-risk patients by mechanism will underestimate the prevalence of IPV .
The use of the DT might underestimate depression but overestimate anxiety .
Traditional SCMs underestimate Pd / Pa and are inaccurate for regional SS estimation .
Compliance with treatment is poor and patients underestimate their level of defaulting when questioned .
Why people underestimate y when extrapolating in linear functions .
WinSmash was found to underestimate delta-V by 23 % on average .
TcPO2 tended to underestimate the arterial value with increasing PaO2 .
However , official records are conservative and so will underestimate recidivism rates .
Iron absorption prediction equations lack agreement and underestimate iron absorption .
If asked directly , anosognosic patients deny or seriously underestimate their motor difficulties .
Does the Hawksley random zero sphygmomanometer underestimate blood pressure , and by how much ?
In depth-to-width comparisons they underestimate depth , and in width-to-depth comparisons they overestimate width .
However , PTT shows a tendency to underestimate BP over time and during ASV .
Current equations have limited precision and systematically underestimate measured GFR at higher values .
Companies are unaware or underestimate alcohol misuse among their employees .
Diagnostic laparoscopy may underestimate as well as overestimate the presence of endometriosis .
Radiographic results can underestimate and overestimate the size of a carious lesion .
Such QT measurement techniques commonly underestimate or overestimate the " true " QT interval .
There was a tendency to underestimate and overestimate LE and H , respectively .
Biomechanical optimization models that apply efficiency-based objective functions often underestimate or negate antagonist co-activation .
We demonstrate it is self-consistent and neither underestimate nor excessively overestimate the experimental errors .
