Daily oscillations of gene expression underlie circadian behaviours in multicellular organisms .
Distinct germ line polymorphisms underlie glioma morphologic heterogeneity .
Such altered connectivity may underlie cognitive symptoms in neurologic disease .
Finally , we suggest optical mechanisms that underlie the myelin specificity of THG .
In skin , loss of RhoA was suggested to underlie pemphigus skin blistering .
This study examined the neuronal changes that could underlie this behavioral observation .
The range of internal experiences that underlie narration in psychotherapy is explicated .
Retinal dynamics underlie its switch from inverse agonist to agonist during rhodopsin activation .
TRPC channels underlie cholinergic plateau potentials and persistent activity in entorhinal cortex .
Susceptibility to stress-induced apoptosis may underlie beta cell failure and/or hamper islet transplantation therapy .
This may underlie the disordered vessel structure and/or function in this condition .
Its discoveries and explanations underlie every social science and offer information to other fields .
Amyloid-like aggregates are found in a wide range of diseases and underlie prion-based inheritance .
Defective immunoregulation is present in insulin - dependent diabetes and may underlie autoimmunity .
Inflammation is associated with these disorders and may underlie the risk for health declines .
Various mechanisms have been suggested to underlie PPI failure in GORD patients .
1. Synaptic plasticity is thought to underlie learning and memory formation in the brain .
Potential flaws in this process include the assumptions that underlie the research under examination .
Age-related degeneration of intracortical inhibition could underlie declines in cognitive function during senescence .
These results indicate that visuospatial attention deficits do not underlie these dyslexias .
Failure to recruit these areas in the patients may underlie schizophrenic concretism .
Specific personality dimensions may underlie and explain the similarities between AvPD and GSAD .
These affects may underlie or reflect differences in iron loading in these mice .
Different mechanisms underlie and co-exist in the chronic whiplash condition .
It is unknown what cellular mechanisms underlie this lack of adaptation .
However , it is unclear what fundamental mechanisms underlie this type of conformity .
There is agreement that these mechanisms underlie a variety of human neurodegenerative diseases .
