Even for patients without metastatic spread who undergo nephrectomy , metastatic recurrence is frequent .
Should all patients with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease undergo oral glucose tolerance test ?
As AI cells undergo nuclear mitosis the sexual pathway terminates .
Infections in patients with traumatic brain injury who undergo neurosurgery .
Addressing unstated patient fears about colonoscopy to encourage reluctant patients to undergo screening colonoscopy .
Six of these patients ( 54 % ) were able to undergo postoperative chemoradiation .
All patients should undergo routine craniospinal imaging at diagnosis and follow-up .
Around 135 000 patients undergo appendectomy in Germany every year .
Patients with bulimia nervosa commonly undergo rapid rehydration with intravenous fluid administration .
The needles were shown to undergo buckling deformation under large tip-sample forces .
He had to undergo a splenectomy following an unsuccessful embolisation of the lienal artery .
All serologically positive respondents were invited to undergo further evaluation including endoscopic biopsy .
Axonal mitochondria undergo saltatory and bidirectional movement and display complex mobility patterns .
Neutrophils undergo apoptosis and are engulfed by macrophages .
The patient did not undergo surgery and died of SUDEP two years later .
Such membranes are flexible and undergo substantial dimensional changes on hydration .
During pregnancy , fibroids enlarge and may undergo red degeneration causing pain .
Influenza viruses evolve rapidly in sequence and undergo frequent reassortment of different gene segments .
However , their lifespan is limited and they undergo senescence after 25-30 population doublings .
Females undergo a process of feminization but in some cases are exposed to testosterone .
The patients did not undergo any intervention after above observations and before attempting decannulation .
The protein itself is immobile and does not undergo rapid rotation within the bilayer .
The cells appear normal and undergo specific histamine release after incubation with antigen .
Frontal bodies resist tensile forces , but undergo changes in shape as they oscillate .
Children with malignant lymphoma undergo many diagnostic procedures that involve exposure to ionising radiation .
N-Alkenyl carboxamides undergo gold-catalyzed intramolecular exo-hydroamination to form nitrogen heterocycles in excellent yield .
The presumed products of these migrations , o-quinomethanimines , undergo in situ 6pi-electrocyclization .
Notably , compound 6 can undergo cis/trans-isomerization upon UV irradiation .
The soft tissues undergo to same growth phenomenon .
We have found that beta-ketophosphonic acids can undergo facile dephosphonylation under fairly mild conditions .
