Beraprost required BCR and CD40 signals to upregulate CD86 expression levels .
beta-Catenin has most recently been shown to upregulate the Na+/K+ ATPase .
Cyclophosphamide and acrolein appear to upregulate procoagulant pathways , while impairing endogenous anticoagulant pathways .
Nephronectin induces alpha8 integrin - positive mesenchymal cells to upregulate smooth muscle markers .
Th17 cells upregulate neutrophil chemokines , antimicrobial peptides , and other pro-inflammatory cytokines .
Immunosuppressive treatment can also significantly upregulate Qa-2 .
In contrast , T cell populations only upregulate LDLR on activation .
In contrast , EBNA3C can upregulate alpha V integrin expression .
We reported that cancer cells upregulate autophagy as a survival mechanism to acidic stress .
Astrocytes upregulate survival genes in tumor cells and induce protection from chemotherapy .
Histone deacetylase inhibitors upregulate Rap1GAP and inhibit Rap activity in thyroid tumor cells .
HIV-1 Nef can upregulate DC-SIGN expression and promote DC-T-cell clustering and HIV-1 spread .
Oxfenicine did not further upregulate PPARalpha target genes within each dietary treatment group .
The ability to precisely upregulate genes in inflamed brain holds great therapeutic promise .
BAY11-7082 pretreated EC failed to upregulate CD62E after interaction with D1.1 cells .
T-2 toxin is able to down- or upregulate cytochrome P-450 enzymes in different species .
Axon regeneration requires that injured neurons reinitiate long-distance growth and upregulate specific genes .
IL-17A synergizes with IFN-gamma to upregulate iNOS and NO production and inhibit chlamydial growth .
In glioma cells , both NSAIDS upregulate GRP78 and activate ER-associated caspase-4 and caspase-3 .
Myeloma cells upregulate interleukin-6 secretion in osteoblastic cells through cell-to-cell contact but downregulate osteocalcin .
Depending on the supplemented CSF , TNF could upregulate or suppress AML blast proliferation .
Upon activation , qNSCs upregulate Nestin and EGFR and become highly proliferative .
It appears that Ras can upregulate or downregulate autophagy through several signaling pathways .
Furthermore , HDAC4 and MEF2C individually upregulate but together downmodulate c-jun promoter activity .
Rational antigen modification as a strategy to upregulate or downregulate antigen recognition .
Transcription factors cooperate with the basal machinery to upregulate or downregulate transcription .
