The prevalence of evidence-based drug use prevention curricula in U.S. middle schools in 2008 .
How do I effectively use electronic continuing medical education ?
People use salient landmarks when learning a route through a novel environment .
Trusts fail to use warning systems .
Nurse-leaders use mentorship to grow and develop leadership potential in other nurses .
Helping patients simplify and safely use complex prescription regimens .
To identify distal and proximal predictors of ecstasy use initiation during adolescence .
Should emergency physicians use etomidate for rapid sequence intubation ?
Great apes use weight as a cue to find hidden food .
Operators were allowed to use 6 Fr Export aspiration catheter at their discretion .
Is it possible to use it in adults ?
It is recommended to use the three oils as healthy oils and folk medicine .
In addition , the disadvantages of PAM use should be negated .
Occasionally , juvenile spider monkeys use headshakes during nonsocial locomotor play .
The effects of medication assessment on psychotropic drug use in the community-dwelling elderly .
Rectal microbicides : can we make them and will people use them ?
Smokers can use the web to continue or quit their habit .
Patients and caregivers must use and maintain these aerosol drug delivery devices correctly .
Health promotion strategies need to combat stigma and use mechanisms of occupational inclusion .
To use or not to use cool superconductors ?
[Blepharoplasty : to suture or to use cyanoacrylate ? ] .
Which oral agent to use when metformin is no longer effective ?
Some clinical pointers to use .
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome in the context of phentermine use resulting in intracranial hemorrhage .
Anti-fibrinolytic use for minimising perioperative allogeneic blood transfusion .
Gels with different swelling ratios were prepared to use as a medium .
We also selected 17 histology-positive biopsy specimens obtained during PUB to use as controls .
Women use more services than men and with rising age utilization increases .
Clinicians increasingly use handheld devices to support evidence-based practice and for clinical decision support .
Most of the time , they use alcohol either in parties or at home .
