The LH/CG receptor can utilize multiple signaling pathways to regulate intracellular events .
This approach consists of two simple steps which utilize two selective markers .
Presently , pharmacists utilize social media primarily for personal purposes .
Thematic analysis revealed preconceptions and in-class experiences influence student decisions to utilize study groups .
StPrpC was found to utilize propionyl-CoA more efficiently than acetyl-CoA or butyryl-CoA .
Both signalling pathways are reported to utilize reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) .
Mycobacterium tuberculosis can utilize heme as an iron source .
This trial will utilize high quality trial methodologies in accordance with CONSORT guidelines .
To investigate what tools GPs utilize in individual consultations concerning lifestyle change .
Proteogenomics aims to utilize experimental proteome information for refinement of genome annotation .
We introduce partial class memberships as a strategy to utilize borderline cases for classification .
The decision to utilize parenteral nutrition in patients with advanced cancer is difficult .
Brevibacteria can produce and utilize siderophores although certain strains within this genus are siderophore-auxotrophic .
It is reported for the first time that brevibacteria produce and utilize siderophores .
Future studies should be theory driven and utilize psychometrically sound measures of religion/spirituality .
Natural enemies of herbivorous insects utilize numerous cues to locate and identify their prey .
Soil nutrient status determines how elephant utilize trees and shape environments .
The models utilize easily accessible predictors and are accurate .
The development of new industries that utilize bio-renewables provides opportunities for innovation .
Availability , proximity , and willingness to utilize .
The prephenate dehydrogenase component of the bifunctional T-protein in enteric bacteria can utilize L-arogenate .
We should utilize propofol cautiously for patients receiving HD or with bleeding tendency .
The enzyme utilize phosphatidylcholine as substrate and produce mainly lysophosphatidylcholine and free fatty acids .
Centers are relatively small and utilize 2-3 accelerators on average .
The enzyme is selective for NADPH but can utilize NADH as well .
The purified MMO contains only copper and does not utilize NADH as electron donor .
It is easy to deliver , maintain , and utilize in isolators .
Proposed criteria for posttraumatic headache impairment are understandable , easy to utilize and reproducible .
Occupational health histories are an excellent tool to utilize in community health .
