The clinical characteristics of EMs vary with the sites of tumors .
This effect did not vary with the child 's history of respiratory allergic symptoms .
Disc dimensions did not vary significantly by age or sex .
Biology is complex and the effects of many interventions may vary between population groups .
Causative agents vary within different geographical areas as well as during decades .
How do risks vary over time and with age ?
This finding does not seem to vary by type of suture material .
Average Poisson 's ratio was 0.55+/-0.12 and did not significantly vary with load .
The incidence has been reported to vary from 1-2 % amongst total leprosy patients .
Pulmonary artery pressure did not vary .
Isolates of the Trichophyton mentagrophytes complex vary phenotypically .
Current methods for assessing the cosmetic outcome of BR vary widely .
Supernumerary teeth vary depending on gender .
In conclusion , ST patterns vary depending on gender .
Reconstructive techniques vary , depending on both the location and extent of defects .
Outcomes of retreatment with a Category II regimen are suboptimal and vary by subgroup .
Plasma CXCL12 levels increased with age and did not vary by gender .
Several monotherapies and combined regimens are currently available and vary around the world .
Such mutants are designated host or prey independent , and their nutritional requirements vary .
Neurological manifestations vary and the patient described here presented with complete paraplegia .
Therapies vary and may include surgical interventions such as hysterectomy .
Treatment outcomes appear to vary according to the morphology of the malformation .
If so , do those associations vary by gender ?
The hemodynamic pattern of hypertension appears to vary according to the subject 's age .
The visual complexity of objects was scaled to vary the objects ' salience .
Different concentrations of enzymes were used to vary the extent of hydrolysis .
However , it is challenging to vary the concentration of droplets rapidly and controllably .
Effect sizes vary based on study design and warrant future research .
Metabolic responses vary according to age but always include an initial catabolism .
Chronic rhinosinusitis is heterogeneous and treatment should vary according to the causative factor involved .
