[Cricothyrotomy in emergency context : assessment of a cannot intubate cannot ventilate scenario ] .
Non-invasive ventilation is a technique to ventilate patients without endotracheal intubation and analgosedation .
[Ventilate or not ventilate the COPD patient ] .
We were unable to ventilate the patient during induction .
It was possible to ventilate this isolator by either free-flow or blower operation .
Resuscitation bags were originally developed to ventilate patients under emergency conditions .
Subjects were taught to insert and ventilate an Ambuman manikin using both devices .
Only 29 % could properly compress and ventilate the mannequin .
Checking the ability to mask ventilate before administering long-acting neuromuscular blocking drugs .
Thirteen test persons were able to ventilate with the modified URS .
Of the divers , 17 were able to ventilate with the modified LAR V .
Regarded as least supportive were interventions that encouraged families to ventilate their own emotions .
New ways to ventilate newborns in acute respiratory failure .
Seventeen per cent of CHCs could not bag-and-mask ventilate a neonate .
Consequently , the crew was advised to ventilate and clean the fresh water tanks .
The surgical airway response team was called due to inability to ventilate or intubate .
To ventilate , oscillate , or cannulate ?
Cannot ventilate , difficult to intubate .
Inability to ventilate while using a silicone - based endotracheal tube .
Patients are transferred to the brain injury unit as soon as they ventilate spontaneously .
Failure to ventilate with the Drager Apollo ( R ) Anesthesia Workstation .
The anesthesiologist could not ventilate manually after starting anesthesia .
In 31 domestic pigs anesthetized with pentobarbital , the lungs were mechanically ventilate .
Failure of high frequency jet ventilation to ventilate patients adequately during extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy .
During ECC , dogs ventilate spontaneously according to classical physiology .
One way to ventilate patients during fibreoptic intubation .
To ventilate or not to ventilate during cardiopulmonary resuscitation : that is the question .
