Finally , a numerical example is given to verify the theoretical results .
Computer simulations are presented to verify the system 's validity and efficiency .
A neurologist used abstracted medical records to verify the diagnosis of ALS/MND .
Establish and verify TSH reference intervals using optimized statistical method by analyzing laboratory-stored data .
Illustrative examples are given to verify the proposed approach and demonstrate its use .
Immunohistochemistry was used to verify the results of qRT-PCR and to assess protein localization .
We herein aim to verify its protective effects in experimental models of liver injury .
Further prospective studies are needed to verify the authors ' results in the future .
Further testing is required to verify activity under field conditions .
Simulations using the Reiner-Rivlin constitutive equation verify the results .
We suggest experiments to verify our predictions .
The results verify the achievement of ligand-density-controlled polyrotaxanes .
These data verify that an immunoregulatory defect exists in IDCM .
These results verify that CrHis has critical beneficial effects against retinal complications .
The results verify that phosphorylation is indeed very rare .
Further investigations are needed to verify or reject hypotheses listed .
A dedicated transducer is needed to further verify and implement this approach .
These X-rays severe to verify or rule out injury of the epiphysis .
We verify these results in selected cases numerically .
We verify this for NiMnSb by ab initio calculations .
This allows us to verify a functional improvement through the operative treatment .
We verify four previously known erythroid CRMs and identify 28 novel ones .
Our simulation results verify the correctness and demonstrate the merits of the proposed scheme .
Measured results verify the theoretical expressions and demonstrate a robust notch filter response .
To verify whether the volatiles of Bacillus sp .
This would be worthwhile to verify in longitudinal growth data in future .
Further evaluation for EC-Blue-10 is needed to verify in different geographical areas .
Authors should be more diligent and preferably verify cited references against the original article .
