This study attempted to visualize the RVS with transvaginal three-dimensional ( 3D ) ultrasound .
To visualize F-actin , fixed HEK293T cells were stained with rhodamine-phalloidin .
GBrowse is widely used by biologists to visualize genome annotation .
To visualize ELH after routine administration of an intravenous GBCA .
A new technique to visualize cereal cell walls by fluorescence microscopy was developed .
Colloidal gold particles were used to visualize the PPO by immunoelectron microscopy .
The SD-OCT fundus image can be used to visualize and quantify GA .
A variety of assays have been used to visualize and quantify chemotactic movement .
CytoCom : a Cytoscape app to visualize , query and analyse disease comorbidity networks .
Cardiovascular magnetic resonance ( CMR ) using T2-weighted sequences can visualize myocardial edema .
However , only some imaging modalities can visualize interaction between nanoparticles and living cells .
Conventional radiographic methods allow physicians to visualize bone structure .
Its permits to visualize subcortical neoplasms and thus to aim them with accuracy .
Retrofacial approach to access the posterior mesotympanum and visualize the round window .
All imaging modalities were able to visualize the grafts and confirm patency .
In this paper , we directly visualize their performance using photorealistic ray-tracing simulations .
We could visualize this dissection via echocardiography and computed tomography .
The new endoscope could visualize the target under ultralow illumination of approximately 100 lx .
OCT can visualize microstructural irregularities and perform an initial morphological analysis of the lesion .
Intraoperative ultrasonographic localization may visualize nonpalpable tumors and exclude multiple tumors .
Elemental maps enabled us to visualize optic tectum layers and identify cellular arrangements .
The system is applied to visualize fiber/matrix debondings or matrix crackings in CFRP plates .
However , such small cerebral vessels are difficult to visualize by using conventional methods .
Thrombosed aneurysms are difficult to visualize with digital subtraction angiography .
The system users can retrieve and visualize health information according to their interests .
Results confirmed that the filter can visualize and nondestructively inspect the foundation distribution .
Results confirm that the proposed filter could visualize and nondestructively inspect the foundation distributions .
CE-MRA can visualize and localize the level of the AKA correctly .
