All cats were able to walk within five days of surgery .
Postoperatively , all patients were able to walk on flat ground .
The crickets were allowed to walk freely inside the container for a constant period .
Most public transit users walk to and from transit .
Hospital-based training enabled participants to walk for longer periods .
A stress-free walk from Arabidopsis to crops .
He walked with a limp and was unable to walk a long distance .
Steps and time taken to walk 9.144 meters were measured .
We trained ants to walk routes within channels that included ascents and descents .
Two patients in group SF could not walk during the PACU stay .
Less than one-quarter of California adults walk regularly .
How far do nurses walk ?
She had widespread joint pain and could hardly walk without the help .
Retail health clinics : should you walk in or walk on by ?
He regained the ability to walk with assistance , and continued taking corticosteroid .
Pain relief was sustained and he could walk after 2 weeks of infusion .
Fourteen patients needed a walking frame and twenty could walk without a walking frame .
All patients could walk with horizontal vision and lie on their backs postoperatively .
The others were able to walk and leave hospital .
In another ten years , he became unable to stand or walk unaided .
Then they had to either actually walk or imagine themselves walking to the target .
Eighteen patients were unable to walk 150 feet without help or stopping .
Patients were able to walk upstairs without support at 4 weeks .
All subjects were required to walk barefoot during testing .
The need for randomized trials in mesothelioma : let 's walk the talk .
The man who could not walk backward : an unusual presentation of neuroferritinopathy .
Time to ' walk the walk ' about industry ties to enhance health .
He can walk and speak fluently , but with cordonal ataxy of the limbs .
Six animals recovered : two could stand and four could walk .
He could not walk veering to right and spontaneous contrarateral horizontal nystagmus was noted .
