These torsion probes offer advantages in atomic force microscopy ( AFM ) because they are small , have high optical gain , do not warp and can be made with two independent axes .
These were used to warp a spherical template finite element model of the cornea to create a patient-specific finite element mesh and the initial stress distribution was computed with an iterative approach .
These errors in position can be assessed by means of two phantoms placed within the stereotactic guidance system--a " two-dimensional phantom " displaying " pincushion " distortion in the image ( i.e. , x , y ) plane , and the " three-dimensional phantom " displaying displacement , warp , and tilt of the image plane itself .
Such devices take the advantage of the self-cleaning and extremely water resistance properties of the surfaces as well as the actions that may be done with paper such as cut , glue , write , fold , warp , or burn .
Finally , the transformations are used to warp the MD frame through the cardiac cycle to generate the full 4D image .
Therefore it is necessary to warp ground-truth cancerous regions in histological images to MR images by a registration procedure .
When MR images are not available , it is possible to warp a template head model to measured electrode locations to obtain a better-fitting realistic model .
NASA , Johnson Space Center is developing an electronic image remapper which will warp an image from one coordinate system onto another with great flexibility and speed .
Efficient spline warps are proposed which warp an area in the plane such that two embedded snake grids obtained from two tagged frames are brought into registration , interpolating a dense displacement vector field .
Left unchecked , these personalities can warp the interactions , plans , and systems of entire organizations .
We show that many-body interactions severely warp the Fermi surface , leading to an extended van Hove singularity ( EVHS ) at the graphene M point .
Pesky companions warp the Milky Way .
The corresponding contour in the CBCT was found by using a feature-based registration algorithm , which consists of two steps : ( 1 ) automatically searching for control points in the pCT and CBCT based on the features of the surrounding tissue and matching the homologous control points using the scale invariance feature transformation ; and ( 2 ) using the control points for a thin plate spline transformation to warp the narrow band and mapping the corresponding contours from pCT to CBCT .
