Regional differences in clindamycin sensitivities warrant clinical discretion .
These cross-sectional findings warrant further investigation .
Lastly , we conclude by suggesting several open problems which warrant further investigation .
Neither was symptomatic enough to warrant reoperation .
It also highlights areas that warrant future study .
Refining diagnostic cutoff values may improve accuracy of diagnosis and warrant further investigation .
These observations warrant further investigation of desmocollin-1 as a potential major cPF autoantigen .
Helicobacter organisms warrant consideration as potential pathogenic entities in UC .
Our observations warrant further investigation of intranasal DNA as an effective vaccination route .
The results , however , are promising and certainly warrant further investigation .
Factors influencing regional differences of other POPs were less clear and warrant further study .
First results are promising and warrant further assessment .
Cross validation is needed to warrant use in clinical practice .
Axitinib has potent antiangiogenic properties that may warrant further evaluation in neuroblastoma .
Cyclic neoglycodecapeptides thus warrant further study as lectin-directed pharmaceuticals .
Epistaxis and sinusitis warrant more aggressive therapy and decrease functional and cosmetic outcome .
These results warrant further investigation , and a phase II has already been started .
Its multifactorial mechanisms warrant further investigation and may provide insights into other pathologies .
Our data warrant further work to prove SSL5 - platelet effects in vivo .
Progression of extensive gastric premalignant conditions to cancer might warrant surveillance programms .
Findings warrant exploring interventions to improve TT for ACS care in resource-limited settings .
Symptoms may be severe but warrant surgery in less than one-third of patients .
These results are encouraging and warrant further evaluation in a randomized study .
These findings are often clinically relevant and warrant full consideration in the diagnostic process .
Findings warrant intervention at the participation level at school and in the community .
Results from this pilot are promising , but findings warrant replication in controlled studies .
As such , they warrant further in-depth investigation and search for possible mechanistic explanations .
Second , environmental toxicology investigations were warrant for a correct treatment and prevention measures .
These results warrant follow-up through bioassay-directed isolation of the active principles .
Results warrant for further research .
