A closed-loop protocol was successfully used to wean children from mechanical ventilation .
Is cardiac function a sufficient criterion to wean a patient from circulatory support ?
Especially important has been the ability to wean patients from systemic corticosteroids postoperatively .
Patients who require tracheotomy only for airway protection wean sooner than other patients .
Effectiveness of intensive nutritional regimes in patients who fail to wean from mechanical ventilation .
Two further patients with chest disease were difficult to wean following surgery .
The other 21 patients were studied during attempts to wean them from mechanical ventilation .
Repeated attempts to wean her from the ventilator failed .
We were subsequently able to wean two children from tube feeding .
One patient with preoperative profound shock could not wean from cardiopulmonary bypass .
Graft atheroembolism as the probable cause of failure to wean from cardiopulmonary bypass .
By rehabilitation therapy , most short bowel patients could wean from parenteral nutrition .
Lactating-only rabbits do not spontaneously wean their young .
Proportional assist ventilation : an alternative approach to wean the patient .
The decision-making process that leads women to wean their babies is complex and guilt-ridden .
They wean the first litter shortly before delivering the second one .
On average , mothers wean their infants between 9-12 months .
Use of temporary cardiac resynchronization therapy to wean a patient successfully from ventilation .
It is often unclear when and how to wean patients from mechanical ventilation .
The goal is to wean these patients as soon as possible .
Three patients did not wean from the ventilator and died shortly after the operation .
He could n't wean from CPB and required the insertion of an LVAD .
The remaining 2 patients could not wean from CHDF , and were introduced HD .
Women were advised to breastfeed exclusively and wean rapidly just before 6 mo .
Mothers also wean too early ( before 4 months of age ) .
