New reliable and accurate stent grafts are emerging to widen the endovascular treatment options .
Simple presbyotic systems use uncorrected optical aberration to widen depth perception .
The present study aims to widen the knowledge based on patients in China .
Feds widen probe .
To forage for nutriments , a patch must continuously widen its habitat .
The approach described here could significantly widen the potential application of Smith-Waterman searches .
Atypical antipsychotics were developed to widen the therapeutic index and to reduce EPS .
Immigrant-native differences in child health : does maternal education narrow or widen the gap ?
Do social inequalities in health widen or converge with age ?
Coronoidectomies were performed concurrently to widen the mouth opening in all cases .
Future studies are needed to widen the therapeutic window by minimizing late GI toxicity .
It is critically needed to widen therapeutic windows in the treatment of AD .
The intervention procedures widen modern approaches but could not eliminate the traditional notions altogether .
Future technological developments will widen its clinical application and minimize its shortcomings .
By using this modification , we may widen the " safe " reconstructive possibilities .
Along with the development of interventional radiological techniques the indications for surgery widen .
Little is known about whether economic crises widen health inequalities .
The disparity appeared to widen for lung cancer in males .
Such differences tended to further widen with increasing elevation .
The mid-carpal joint also began to widen at this level of distraction .
However , it is still poorly understood how FN fibrils widen while elongating .
These effects widen with increasing physical development .
The striations of male and female A. galeopteri are widen towards outside and wavy .
Lateral radiograph revealed that the diameter of oral pharynx widen nearly 5 mm .
Outlier probe may widen .
The disparity between the " haves " and the " have-nots " will widen .
These inequalities were apparent very early in life and did not widen thereafter .
