Consultations of HIV-infected women who wish to become pregnant .
A majority of families wish to receive hospital AEHI as leaflets .
Patients ' decisions in view of their child wish .
Patients will ultimately have to decide themselves whether they wish to discontinue drug treatment .
Be careful what you wish for .
My wish for Willie .
Public hospitals : doing what everyone wants done but few others wish to do .
Chemotherapy was considered , but the patient did not wish to undergo this treatment .
The wish to die and the wish to live in attempted suicides .
One patient had a persistent cyst but did not wish to receive further treatment .
He is satisfied with his treatment and does not wish to have any pleurodesis .
I feel emotionally drained and trapped and wish I entered some other field .
Talking about sexuality with the physician : are patients receiving what they wish ?
Most parents wish direct discussions with their child 's physician about mortality .
Bereavement in the neonatal period : what we know and what we wish .
This research brings up questions that the industry may wish to address .
It does not depend on the actual unknown states that we wish to discriminate .
It is the dynamics of this interconnectedness that we wish to explore .
These results revealed an important mismatch between what patients wish and what they perceive .
Would they wish to visit Earth and would we know if they did ?
Smokers wish to stop , and clinically tested drugs for smoking cessation exist .
Females were also more likely to wish for a career in psychiatry .
[Breast reconstruction--a wish by many ] .
Parts of China forcibly sterilizing the retarded who wish to marry .
The majority would wish resuscitation for all except the 80-year-old .
Moreover they wish in this case a multicentric collaboration outlineing the notable importance .
Hospital wish book appeals to heart and mind .
Ventilator-associated pneumonia : we cannot wish it away * .
Both sex and insurance status were related to wish themes .
Ninety-seven percent indicated to wish detailed information .
