Combinatorial strategies which include physical rehabilitation are beginning to yield promising results .
New treatment options attempt to yield higher survival rate in patients .
The outputs of these feature maps are summed to yield the final saliency map .
To this end , constrained optimization problems are defined that yield each decision rule .
Ablating more than 40 % of the splenic parenchyma may yield better long-term results .
Two copies of this construct yield six bright , separable colors .
In concert , the data yield evidence for retrieval-based explanations of distractor-to-distractor repetitions .
Different HRQoL instruments yield somewhat different results for different conditions .
In practice , experiments usually yield data with non-conforming observations .
Foot-mounted sensors were found to yield slightly better results than sensors on the shank .
Mitochondria continually fuse and divide to yield a dynamic interconnected network throughout the cell .
SRLS was shown to yield MF in appropriate asymptotic limits .
FISH and SISH yield identical results , but assessment is much easier with SISH .
The current treatment approaches yield unsatisfactory results , and potential therapeutic targets need exploration .
Early evaluation may not yield well-localized findings and may mimic other conditions .
Technological , rheological and yield differences among Egyptian wheat varieties .
Oversizing valves may be technically hazardous and do not yield superior outcomes .
The phase 2 data are less detailed , but yield full national coverage .
20 % yield .
R0 and lymph node yield may help to predict the recurrence of oesophageal cancer .
This yield also held for 60 HUVEC in <10 ( 4 ) PBMCs .
Biexciton quantum yield of single semiconductor nanocrystals from photon statistics .
Sediment yield as a desertification risk indicator .
Simulation results indicate that the method can yield over 96 % reduction in genotyping .
These methods yield well-defined predictable product profiles at high yield and with low impurities .
Endometrial/endocervical biopsy may yield a diagnosis without an invasive procedure and should be performed .
Unilateral procedures yield similar results to bilateral ones and should be pursued whenever feasible .
[Effects of climate change on winter wheat growth and yield in North China ] .
There are some aspects of ethical issues that will yield to such analysis .
There is relatively little yield to serial EEGs beyond this point .
